"Philosophy is common sense with big words." -James Madison
"The golden rule is that there are no golden rules." -George Bernard Shaw
"War - hard apprenticeship of freedom." -Edward Everett Hale
"Your conscience is the measure of the honesty of your selfishness. Listen to it carefully." -Richard Bach
"My Vocation is my Vacation. I love what I do." -Nick Cannon
"I have always thought of music as a highway with many lanes." -Marvin Hamlisch
"Church is great, but I found my church here. Hugh Hefner has been nothing but a gentleman." -Jessica Hahn
"Paris is always a good idea." -Audrey Hepburn
"A genuinely happy person is one who has rendered others happy." -Daisaku Ikeda
"I'm very opinionated, very intelligent and not afraid to show that." -Katori Hall
"Clearly, once the student is no longer a student the possibilities of relationship are enlarged." -Marilyn Hacker
"We cannot be more sensitive to pleasure without being more sensitive to pain." -Alan Watts
"My audience was my life. What I did and how I did it, was all for my audience." -Cab Calloway
"One of my favorite little sayings is, 'To avoid criticism, say nothing, do nothing, be nothing.'" -Robert M. Gates
"I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts." -Will Rogers
"I am tomorrow, or some future day, what I establish today. I am today what I established yesterday or some previous day." -James Joyce
"I had an audition where Josh Brolin was pelting me with his personality. I didn't get the part." -Oscar Isaac
"If you do not think about your future, you cannot have one." -John Galsworthy
"The soul is healed by being with children." -Fyodor Dostoevsky
"My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me." -Henry Ford
"I'm very into fantasy films." -Alexandra Daddario
"Travel, in the younger sort, is a part of education; in the elder, a part of experience." -Francis Bacon
"Bitter experience has taught us how fundamental our values are and how great the mission they represent." -Jan Peter Balkenende
"If you look at my career, I kind of got progressively better and better and better. I came closer to the top." -Tyler Hamilton
"HUD's mission is to provide decency and sanitary housing for low and moderate income people in this country." -Alphonso Jackson
"When have you ever heard of a cantor or any artist turning anyone down when he is strongly urged to perform?" -Sholom Aleichem
"The United States can't impose democracies. We can't impose our will. The Russians found that out in Afghanistan." -Chuck Hagel
"Everybody's worried about stopping terrorism. Well, there's a really easy way: stop participating in it." -Noam Chomsky
"If you dream and you believe, you can do it." -Sean Combs
"The critic should describe, and not prescribe." -Eugene Ionesco
"I'm not a standup, but I play one on TV." -Ana Gasteyer
"I can go all over the world with Skype." -Ram Dass
"Discipline yourself, and others won't need to." -John Wooden
"Idealism is the despot of thought, just as politics is the despot of will." -Mikhail Bakunin
"The only reason they come to see me is that I know that life is great, and they know I know it." -Clark Gable
"The only thing you can do to lead a crowd is prove your passion to them." -Afrojack
"I just want you to know that, when we talk about war, we're really talking about peace." -George W. Bush
"Technological things, that Germans and Japanese would get real excited about." -John Badham
"I admit, I have a tremendous sex drive. My boyfriend lives forty miles away." -Phyllis Diller
"Warfare has been marvelously developed. It will soon be impossible to raise it to further heights." -Fredrik Bajer
"One changes from day to day, and... after a few years have passed one has completely altered." -George Sand
"I don't flirt and I don't play the people that I'm meeting with." -Sherilyn Fenn
"There is a healthful hardiness about real dignity that never dreads contact and communion with others however humble." -Washington Irving
"I didn't get where I am today by worryin' about how I'd feel tomorrow." -Ron White
"Everything is funny, as long as it's happening to somebody else." -Will Rogers
"Water is to me, I confess, a phenomenon which continually awakens new feelings of wonder as often as I view it." -Michael Faraday
"Everything that goes up must come down. But there comes a time when not everything that's down can come up." -George Burns
"Harrison Ford... I love him. He's a man's man." -Sherilyn Fenn
"It is to the middle-class we must look for the safety of England." -William Makepeace Thackeray
"The most important thing for a good marriage is to learn how to argue peaceably." -Anita Ekberg
"He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life." -Muhammad Ali
"Who questions much, shall learn much, and retain much." -Francis Bacon
"Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right." -Oprah Winfrey
"I pack every minute I can with something to do." -Bryan Adams
"You either love or you hate. You live in the middle, you get nothing." -Charlie Sheen
"It is human nature to instinctively rebel at obscurity or ordinariness." -Taylor Caldwell
"Editing is where movies are made or broken. Many a film has been saved and many a film has been ruined in the editing room." -Joe Dante
"I assert that nothing ever comes to pass without a cause." -Jonathan Edwards
"The United States Supreme Court has voted 6-3 that voter photo ID is constitutional." -Bob Ehrlich
"Let there be no mistake, Hamas is a ruthless terrorist organization." -Lois Capps
"'Spice Girls' is about unifying the world - every age, every gender, everyone. It's woman power, it's an essence, a tribe." -Geri Halliwell
"No strike could ever be won with a Communist at its head since the employers would make victory impossible." -James P. Cannon
"If an army of monkeys were strumming on typewriters, they might write all the books in the British Museum." -Arthur Eddington
"I am living out my adolescent dream of travel and adventure." -Tim Cahill
"From an early age, I was infatuated with music. I always loved it and was always dancing or playing something." -Tyler Farr
"Little children are still the symbol of the eternal marriage between love and duty." -George Eliot
"There's man all over for you, blaming on his boots the fault of his feet." -Samuel Beckett
"While I didn't have everything that I wanted, I was still a happy kid." -Goran Ivanisevic
"What a book a devil's chaplain might write on the clumsy, wasteful, blundering, low, and horribly cruel work of nature!" -Charles Darwin
"The island Mayo is generally barren, being dry, as I said; and the best of it is but a very indifferent soil." -William Dampier
"In some cases radiation reduces the incidence of cancer." -John Cameron
"China's ability to deliver nuclear warheads on American cities is expanding." -Lee H. Hamilton
"I love historical romance, absolutely love it." -Julie Garwood
"To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear." -Buddha
"I met a hundred men going to Delhi and everyone is my brother." -Pope Paul VI
"I'm a hopeless mother; a hopeless wife; I have to try harder. I'm just a pathetic case history, really." -Siobhan Fahey
"There are three kinds of lies: lies, damned lies, and statistics." -Benjamin Disraeli
"The tyrant grinds down his slaves and they don't turn against him, they crush those beneath them." -Emily Bronte
"To work all the time is to be incredibly lucky." -Harvey Fierstein
"There is no greater honour than to serve Canadians." -Kim Campbell
"I like my privacy, and my personal bank manager is one of my favourite people." -Amanda Eliasch
"Character, I am sure, lies in the genes." -Taylor Caldwell
"Without tenderness, a man is uninteresting." -Marlene Dietrich
"I love going out and doing new things." -Bo Jackson
"If you want to keep something concealed from your enemy, don't disclose it to your friend." -Solomon Ibn Gabirol
"I'll get to make a lot of money and do some bad sitcoms." -Darrell Hammond
"I'm sorry if the following sounds combative and excessively personal, but that's my general style." -Ian Jackson
"His insomnia was so bad, he couldn't sleep during office hours." -Arthur Baer
"I wish I could say it's easy, but honestly, to get ready for a big championship is not as easy as it seems." -Oksana Baiul
"Like everybody, I'm making up my life as I go along." -Jerry Cantrell
"With sacrifice and work, anything can be done." -Angel Cabrera
"Lord of the Rings made me realize that I'm not interested in doing anyone else's work." -Ralph Bakshi
"Too many people today know the price of everything and the value of nothing." -Ann Landers
"Superstition is the religion of feeble minds." -Edmund Burke
"Too many people expect wonders from democracy, when the most wonderful thing of all is just having it." -Walter Winchell
"An hour series is a killer. It's hard on you physically." -James Garner
"For good or ill, I'm a person of leadership. I do my best. I don't dodge responsibility." -Gerry Adams
"Nature gives you the face you have at twenty; it is up to you to merit the face you have at fifty." -Coco Chanel
"We have never been strictly political, only strictly funny." -Adrian Edmondson
"See you later, alligator. After a while, crocodile." -Bill Haley
"I wouldn't call him a slave. I don't whip him when he does something wrong. Just when he does something good." -Shannon Elizabeth
"The one thing that disturbs me about Alec is that people don't realize that he's really funny." -Daniel Baldwin
"I'm playing one of the principal roles, which gives you more clout and more confidence." -Charles Dance
"Oklahoma's always been good to me." -Alan Jackson
"A person is a fool to become a writer. His only compensation is absolute freedom." -Roald Dahl
"I would say my sense of adventure outweighs my grace." -Kathy Ireland
"It's very hard to be OK with who you are and not care what other people think of you. Believe me, I know." -Mark Indelicato
"He is no fool who gives what he cannot keep to gain what he cannot lose." -Jim Elliot
"There seems to be this thing in football where everything has to be... now!" -Gareth Bale
"Gratitude is a sickness suffered by dogs." -Joseph Stalin
"No man can be a failure if he thinks he's a success; If he thinks he is a winner, then he is." -Robert W. Service
"Women like silent men. They think they're listening." -Marcel Achard
"Ten soldiers wisely led will beat a hundred without a head." -Euripides
"A good butcher is important to have. It's like a shrink." -Carson Daly
"A director shouldn't get in the way of the movie, the story should." -Frank Darabont
"The point of cities is multiplicity of choice." -Jane Jacobs
"The thing I like about decathlon is also the thing I dislike: It's the maximum challenge, but also the maximum frustration." -Ashton Eaton
"The human is indissolubly linked with imitation: a human being only becomes human at all by imitating other human beings." -Theodor Adorno
"I regret losing certain women, but it was always my fault." -Scott Baio
"But guys such as Allen and William are more supportive than most men." -Kathy Acker
"I have a critical nature, in the sense that when I look at something I often look for the flaws." -Donald Fagen
"It's fun to be blond, and it's almost difficult to remember how I used to look with my proper hair color." -Tom Felton
"I've had to work hard at that easy-going manner you see on screen." -James Garner
"It takes 20 years to make an overnight success." -Eddie Cantor
"No one respects a talent that is concealed." -Desiderius Erasmus
"Governments are mandated by international law to protect people from genocide." -Bianca Jagger
"Not only are a voteless people a hopeless people. A non-producing people are hopeless also." -Ralph Abernathy
"There have been linkages between the Iraqi government and al-Qaeda going back more or less a decade." -Douglas Feith
"It is better to suffer wrong than to do it, and happier to be sometimes cheated than not to trust." -Samuel Johnson
"Writers don't retire. I will always be a writer." -Andy Rooney
"The senses deceive from time to time, and it is prudent never to trust wholly those who have deceived us even once." -Rene Descartes
"The only way to find true happiness is to risk being completely cut open." -Chuck Palahniuk
"Lost time is never found again." -Benjamin Franklin
"Anyone will say anything under torture." -George Galloway
"I'm not really into the fashion thing." -Cheryl James
"We are in an electronic technology age now and it's about time we put away the old stuff." -Monica Edwards
"It was said that Mr. Gladstone could persuade most people of most things, and himself of anything." -Dean Inge
"The mountains, the forest, and the sea, render men savage; they develop the fierce, but yet do not destroy the human." -Victor Hugo
"Every strike brings me closer to the next home run." -Babe Ruth
"How beautiful the leaves grow old. How full of light and color are their last days." -John Burroughs
"I enjoy working on a movie that lets your imagination run wild, it's great to be a part of and watch." -Chris Hemsworth
"The theatre is a spiritual and social X-ray of its time." -Stella Adler
"Colors, like features, follow the changes of the emotions." -Pablo Picasso
"I was convinced that I was going to be onstage for the rest of my life." -James Callis
"I hated school, but I was a good student. I made straight A's." -Lucy Hale
"The art of art, the glory of expression and the sunshine of the light of letters, is simplicity." -Walt Whitman
"If we don't believe in freedom of expression for people we despise, we don't believe in it at all." -Noam Chomsky
"I have a lot of interests." -Dusty Baker
"As the old joke goes, I have all the sins together. I am a woman, a Socialist, separated and agnostic." -Michelle Bachelet
"Times change and you have to adapt." -Jerry Cantrell
"No, I did not offer to resign for a second." -Michael Isikoff
"A little philosophy inclineth man's mind to atheism, but depth in philosophy bringeth men's minds about to religion." -Francis Bacon
"It proved to me, though, that comedy is so much harder." -Jenna Elfman
"You have to be a good team, but you have to be lucky and stay away from injuries." -Jaromir Jagr
"Grilled cheese and tomato soup is the ultimate comfort meal." -Ina Garten
"I constantly experience failure in that my work is never as good as I want it to be. So I live with failure." -Jeremy Irons
"I'm so much like Luke Skywalker I guess I always will be." -Mark Hamill
"I grew up listening to Frank Sinatra, riding in the car with my grandpa, and I was just intrigued by it." -Brett Eldredge
"The head of a ship however has not always an immediate relation to her name, at least in the British navy." -William Falconer
"I could easily not be the person that people know." -Kenneth Edmonds
"Choosing is a creative process, one through which we construct our environment, our lives, ourselves." -Sheena Iyengar
"Jealousy would be far less torturous if we understood that love is a passion entirely unrelated to our merits." -Paul Eldridge
"Finding good partners is the key to success in anything: in business, in marriage and, especially, in investing." -Robert Kiyosaki
"Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others." -Plato
"I don't owe one man one cent. Anywhere." -Roy Acuff
"We cannot build foundations of a state without rule of law." -Mahmoud Abbas
"Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better." -Albert Einstein
"An artist is a dreamer consenting to dream of the actual world." -George Santayana
"Preachers denounce sin as if it was available to everyone." -Frank Dane
"I've been a teacher at the college level, in composition mostly, and I've been an editor on magazines." -Jane Haddam
"Morals are built on religious faith. Virtue is built on morality and influences a culture." -Michele Bachmann
"I don't think you lead by pessimism and cynicism. I think you lead by optimism and enthusiasm and energy." -Patricia Ireland
"What I realized was how difficult an hour show is and how miserable you can be if you're not happy doing it." -Victor Garber
"No grand idea was ever born in a conference, but a lot of foolish ideas have died there." -F. Scott Fitzgerald
"Hitting is better than sex." -Reggie Jackson
"Honestly, if the worst these people can say about me is that I'm gay, then I think I'll be fine. I can handle it." -Zac Efron
"An army of principles can penetrate where an army of soldiers cannot." -Thomas Paine
"Every year on your birthday, you get a chance to start new." -Sammy Hagar
"I'm trained to look for certain things... I shoot, I shoot, I shoot, and then I go find it in the ether." -Sante D'Orazio
"Freedom itself was attacked this morning by a faceless coward, and freedom will be defended." -George W. Bush
"Follow your passion, be prepared to work hard and sacrifice, and, above all, don't let anyone limit your dreams." -Donovan Bailey
"Everything is theoretically impossible, until it is done." -Robert A. Heinlein
"Quakers almost as good as colored. They call themselves friends and you can trust them every time." -Harriet Tubman
"Men in general are quick to believe that which they wish to be true." -Julius Caesar
"He will be beginning a brand new chapter in the Michael Jackson legend." -LaToya Jackson
"You can't win if you don't play as a unit." -Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
"The Bible is a wonderful source of inspiration for those who don't understand it." -George Santayana
"Usually, I get hired because I'm tall." -Peter Falk
"We can never obtain peace in the outer world until we make peace with ourselves." -Dalai Lama
"At my age, I don't buy but a half a loaf of bread, you know?" -Merle Haggard
"In Thailand's history there have been dissensions from time to time, but in general, unity has prevailed." -Bhumibol Adulyadej
"Fear may come true that which one is afraid of." -Viktor E. Frankl
"I always ask, why can't I be just like Cary Grant or something." -Aaron Eckhart
"I think we must quote whenever we feel that the allusion is interesting or helpful or amusing." -Clifton Fadiman
"That's why so many stars are making pictures in Europe today. The tax guys are making thieves out of everybody." -Bud Abbott
"Time's fatal wings do ever forward fly; to every day we live, a day we die." -Thomas Campion
"Of course, we have known for a long time that a word, like any verbal sign, is a unity of two components." -Roman Jakobson
"Every form of addiction is bad, no matter whether the narcotic be alcohol or morphine or idealism." -Carl Jung
"I'm just a seasonal guy. Basketball, football, baseball, boxing, golf. Give it to me all the time." -Jerry Ferrara
"I really like structured coats and layered scarves, and I especially love cashmere sweaters." -Tamara Feldman
"It's still going on. I guess it will be until Redmond quits, dies or is jailed." -Farrah Fawcett
"I lost my moral compass and I have done terrible things that I very much regret." -Andrew Fastow
"I didn't think then, and I still don't, that I was actually sick." -Frances Farmer
"Wonders will never cease." -David Garrick
"We will never have true civilization until we have learned to recognize the rights of others." -Will Rogers
"Some of us might find happiness if we quit struggling so desperately for it." -William Feather
"Print is the sharpest and the strongest weapon of our party." -Joseph Stalin
"It's like deja-vu, all over again." -Yogi Berra
"The idea of trying to fight against extremism was written off as naive." -Joichi Ito
"I publish my own books, so there isn't a certain editor I owe the book to at a publishing house." -Dave Eggers
"Man is a military animal, glories in gunpowder, and loves parade." -Philip James Bailey
"The progress of the world depends almost entirely upon education." -George Eastman
"Freedom is not negotiable." -Andy Garcia
"People say I've had brushes with the law. That's not true. I've had brushes with overzealous prosecutors." -Edwin Edwards
"I'm really easily affected by horror films. I have pretty strong reactions to them." -Alexandra Daddario
"They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -Benjamin Franklin
"I'm an actor because I love movies, and always have loved movies. I'm a film buff." -Alden Ehrenreich
"Become a student of change. It is the only thing that will remain constant." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
"I can't wait to be back on the dance floor. I feel really good about it." -Paula Abdul
"I feel that cinema is my country. But it's not my business." -Leos Carax
"There are advantages to being a star though - you can always get a table in a full restaurant." -Ingrid Bergman
"If ye despise the human race, and mortal arms, yet remember that there is a God who is mindful of right and wrong." -Virgil
"Investing is a business where you can look very silly for a long period of time before you are proven right." -Bill Ackman
"Women, can't live with them, can't live without them." -Desiderius Erasmus
"Faith crosses every border and touches every heart in every nation." -George W. Bush
"I've always admitted that I'm ruled by my passions." -Elizabeth Taylor
"I'm not ashamed of selling millions of records. I'm very fortunate to be in that position." -Chris Daughtry
"There's a thousand other things I would rather spend money on than a car." -Scott Ian
"Dressing up is like therapy; I feel better in myself when I've made an effort." -Paloma Faith
"I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best." -Oscar Wilde
"'Beloved.' That's an amazing film and I'm sorry more people didn't see it when it came out." -Kimberly Elise
"At the same time that I love meeting people and stuff, I'm a very private person." -Casey James
"I would strongly recommend any young man to stay away from criminal law. It's not a good place to be, unfortunately." -F. Lee Bailey
"We don't let them have ideas. Why would we let them have guns?" -Joseph Stalin
"I don't know how you keep the world record holder off your team." -Ryan Hall
"The thing about black history is that the truth is so much more complex than anything you could make up." -Henry Louis Gates
"A man's wife is his compromise with the illusion of his first sweetheart." -George Jean Nathan
"I was able to support myself by acting alone about six years ago. Until then, I was just scraping by." -Edie Falco
"Human life is as evanescent as the morning dew or a flash of lightning." -Samuel Butler
"Be bold and boast, just like the cock beside the hen." -Aeschylus
"There is no pain so great as the memory of joy in present grief." -Aeschylus
"If you really love something, just continue doing it." -Julia Garner
"The scandal happened and I made the best of it. I kind of feel like in the end it was a blessing." -Jessica Hahn
"Not admitting a mistake is a bigger mistake." -Robert Half
"95% of the album is my writing, by choice, because it seems to be what the distributors want." -Merle Haggard
"I'm pretty good with not being afraid to just go up to people and introduce myself." -Elle Fanning
"The difficult part in an argument is not to defend one's opinion but rather to know it." -Andre Maurois
"Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose." -Eknath Easwaran
"Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech." -Plutarch
"I never tried to use anything besides my own sweat and blood and talent to get somewhere." -Olivia Munn
"Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive." -Dalai Lama
"There's probably a lot of people wondering if I can play." -Jaromir Jagr
"The concept of surveillance is ingrained in our beings. God was the original surveillance camera." -Hasan M. Elahi
"I can tan quickly. What takes people hours to do, I can tan in half an hour." -George Hamilton
"The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet." -Aristotle
"Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth." -Marcus Aurelius
"I'm having a great life, and I want to go on having one." -Marianne Faithfull
"As a result of my study, I came to the conclusion that a common supreme authority was undesirable." -Fredrik Bajer
"A smile abroad is often a scowl at home." -Alfred Lord Tennyson
"In a completely sane world, madness is the only freedom." -J. G. Ballard
"There's no better book with which to defend the Bible than the Bible itself." -Dwight L. Moody
"You have to steal a lot. You have to have a criminal mentality to be a film director." -Clint Eastwood
"I think there's something peculiar about me that I haven't died. It doesn't make sense but I refuse to die." -Judy Garland
"I have two brothers buried in the military cemetery in Texas. I don't want to see any more of that." -F. Murray Abraham
"I've always been fascinated by quantum physics and the possibility of alternate realities." -James Dashner
"The U.S. routinely ranks lower than other countries in health outcomes such as infant mortality." -Tammy Baldwin
"Hatred is a very underestimated emotion." -Jim Morrison
"The pendulum of the mind alternates between sense and nonsense, not between right and wrong." -Carl Jung
"Rulers who want to unleash war know very well that they must procure or invent a first victim." -Elias Canetti
"Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter could be said to remedy anything." -Kurt Vonnegut
"I used to believe that anything was better than nothing. Now I know that sometimes nothing is better." -Glenda Jackson
"I've played too many tennis hours." -Lindsay Davenport
"The better day, the worse deed." -Matthew Henry
"Michael Jordan always wore his Carolina shorts under his Bulls' uniform." -Lorrie Fair
"Learn to be quiet enough to hear the genuine within yourself so that you can hear it in others." -Marian Wright Edelman
"Well I just figure any man who risks his neck to save a dog's life isn't going to kill someone for gold teeth." -Alvin Adams
"President Obama has asked me to chair his new President's Council on Jobs and Competitiveness." -Jeffrey R. Immelt
"CBS exhausted the Texas courts. They went from the trial court to the intermediate court to the highest court." -Floyd Abrams
"While there's life, there's hope." -Marcus Tullius Cicero
"People buy into the leader before they buy into the vision." -John C. Maxwell
"Risk comes from not knowing what you're doing." -Warren Buffett
"To me, theater is the mecca; if you really love to act, that's where it's the most fun, by a long shot." -Scott Caan
"I hated seeing myself on screen. I was full of complexes. I hated my face for a very, very long time." -Charlotte Gainsbourg
"No one remembers who came in second." -Walter Hagen
"So many young pets burn out in Hollywood, it's crazy." -Jason Gann
"The thing that impresses me most about America is the way parents obey their children." -Edward VIII
"The face of the team are the people who're playing on the cricket field. The team is not about one individual." -Gautam Gambhir
"When people contend for their liberty they seldom get anything for their victory, but new masters." -E. F. L. Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax
"Everybody loves a hit. There is nothing as fun as making a cultural splash with a movie." -Jon Favreau
"Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Everyone is just nicer to prettier people." -Olivia Munn
"I started trying to write when I was in second or third grade." -Margaret Haddix
"There's a real sense of fighting and destruction in our DNA that we don't get in touch with." -Joel Edgerton
"It is good news, worthy of all acceptation; and yet not too good to be true." -Matthew Henry
"These days I can really get the strings to snap if I want." -Steve Hackett
"Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore." -Andre Gide
"Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible." -Dalai Lama
"In war, events of importance are the result of trivial causes." -Julius Caesar
"'Organic' doesn't mean what people think it means." -Joel Salatin
"Not everything is going to be successful. To strive for that is really naive. You just do the best you can do." -Alan Ball
"All governments must maintain power through consent, not coercion." -Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj
"I put music on and I drive around town." -Chris Isaak
"Whenever men take the law into their own hands, the loser is the law. And when the law loses, freedom languishes." -Robert Kennedy
"I like cream cheese in just about anything." -Diane Mott Davidson
"I no longer want to live in an apartment furnished with forklifts and backhoes." -Nicholson Baker
"I've had an exciting time; I married for love and got a little money along with it." -Rose Kennedy
"Reading the epitaphs, our only salvation lies in resurrecting the dead and burying the living." -Paul Eldridge
"Just by luck, I picked good heroes to worship." -Charles Kuralt
"I talked to everyone about the project: actors and extras, members of the crew and passers by." -James D'arcy
"If there is a State, then there is domination, and in turn, there is slavery." -Mikhail Bakunin
"I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures." -Lao Tzu
"NASA wanted to assure its ability to examine the spacecraft in orbit for signs of damage." -Marc Garneau
"I cried when I heard Johnny Carson died." -Victoria Jackson
"So we are fulfilling our task in preventing serious armament stocks in Iraq within our possibilities." -Bulent Ecevit
"I am proof that one person can rise above any challenge, and if I can, then so will others if they are given the chance." -Emmanuel Jal
"Business 2.0 was hugely profitable last year, and will be profitable this year." -James Daly
"In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous." -Aristotle
"Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts." -Charles Dickens
"Computers are like Old Testament gods; lots of rules and no mercy." -Joseph Campbell
"There was no religion in my life growing up. Did God invent us or did we invent God?" -Eddie Izzard
"From the time that I was in high school, my life really revolved around live theater, so it almost feels genetic." -Philip Baker Hall
"Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else." -Margaret Mead
"All oppression creates a state of war." -Simone de Beauvoir
"I am not a genius. But I am nerdy." -Claire Danes
"Observe good faith and justice toward all nations. Cultivate peace and harmony with all." -George Washington
"We could have saved the Earth but we were too damned cheap." -Kurt Vonnegut
"History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid." -Dwight D. Eisenhower
"There is another side to chivalry. If it dispenses leniency, it may with equal justification invoke control." -Freda Adler
"Every language has its own music." -Sid Caesar
"I love doing scripted things. What little acting ability I have I am holding on with my hangnails." -Mario Cantone
"There is no remedy for love but to love more." -Henry David Thoreau
"You've got to be very careful if you don't know where you are going, because you might not get there." -Yogi Berra
"For me, the most difficult piece is the one I'm about to make." -Marina Abramovic
"I told the doctor I broke my leg in two places. He told me to quit going to those places." -Henny Youngman
"Gertrude Stein was masterly in making nothing happen very slowly." -Clifton Fadiman
"We are to admit no more causes of natural things than such as are both true and sufficient to explain their appearances." -Isaac Newton
"Alone! Alone! No beacon, far or near! No chart, no compass, and no anchor stay!" -Ada Cambridge
"Working with Brando was fun. It was like a tennis match. We played unbelievably well together." -Uta Hagen
"Professionalism in law has brought us the O.J. Simpson case in lieu of justice." -Bill James
"We talked about the Internet and Wikipedia and how facts and history are being collectively created online." -Joichi Ito
"Memory is often less about the truth than about what we want it to be." -David Halberstam
"My fake Japanese was smooth enough to earn me the title of 'The Emperor of Pleasing Graciousness' in that country." -Wolfman Jack
"There's a snake lurking in the grass." -Virgil
"Art is an expression of who we are, what we believe, and what we dream about." -Julianne Moore
"A comedian sees the world bent. I'm tangent to the circle." -Buddy Hackett
"No one is free, even the birds are chained to the sky." -Bob Dylan
"If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking." -George S. Patton
"A thousand words will not leave so deep an impression as one deed." -Henrik Ibsen
"I'm content with making records, but I don't want to be doing the same thing all the time." -John Cale
"I'd like to follow in the footsteps along like Jodie Foster and Natalie Portman, who got their education." -Bailee Madison
"When you're the cash cow that lays the golden goose egg, people are always going to cheer you on, whatever." -Noel Gallagher
"If the king loves music, there is little wrong in the land." -Mencius
"I have great hopes that we shall love each other all our lives as much as if we had never married at all." -Lord Byron
"I'm no hero. Heroes don't come back. Survivors return home. Heroes never come home. If anyone thinks I'm a hero, I'm not." -Bob Feller
"The red man divided mind into two parts, - the spiritual mind and the physical mind." -Charles Eastman
"Music is everything to me. I wake up and go to bed with it. I listen to all genres, depending on my mood." -Chanel Iman
"My most memorable teacher was Rich Campe, my third-grade teacher at Fairlands Elementary in Pleasanton, California." -Deb Caletti
"There's no pride in having been a child soldier." -Emmanuel Jal
"Everybody has their burdens, their grief that they carry with them." -Elizabeth Edwards
"The beginning of compunction is the beginning of a new life." -George Eliot
"As for fame, it can go to your head and you can become full of yourself." -John Fahey
"Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured." -Mark Twain
"I don't take on big things. What I do, pretty much, is make the big things small and the small things big." -Larry David
"Obviously in 2008 it was 538 (to win an Olympic gold) and most of my scores have been over that this year." -Tom Daley
"We usually never got out of there before four or five o'clock in the morning. Every morning. So it was rough." -Cab Calloway
"Shadow is a colour as light is, but less brilliant; light and shadow are only the relation of two tones." -Paul Cezanne
"Things have gotten so nasty in Washington." -Robert M. Gates
"I love a great conspiracy story. Who doesn't?" -Homaro Cantu
"Lennon was right. And we are bigger than Jesus. We will be as big as the Beatles, if not bigger." -Liam Gallagher
"Strive to find things to be thankful for, and just look for the good in who you are!" -Bethany Hamilton
"I believe that you should move and eat right." -Randy Jackson
"Winning is everything." -Jeff Rich
"Writing means sharing. It's part of the human condition to want to share things - thoughts, ideas, opinions." -Paulo Coelho
"If there's a role for me in something in the future to do with 'The Last of Us,' absolutely I would do it, twice on Sunday." -Troy Baker
"Worthless people live only to eat and drink; people of worth eat and drink only to live." -Socrates
"You can't always be a leading lady." -Lauren Bacall
"Elegance is refusal." -Coco Chanel
"I believe that people make their own luck by great preparation and good strategy." -Jack Canfield
"With out passion you don't have energy, with out energy you have nothing." -Donald Trump
"I don't believe in men waiting until they are ready to die before using any of their money for helpful purposes." -George Eastman
"To be under occupation, to be under siege, is not a good inspiration for poetry." -Mahmoud Darwish
"The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best." -Epictetus
"When I was 16, I discovered this island called cinema and I thought: 'Oh, how wonderful; I'm ready.'" -Leos Carax
"Tech, in the sense of... putting things together, that goes back beyond memory for me." -Mitchell Baker
"I love to eat cucumber sticks with yogurt. It's a great snack to have at home, especially when I'm having house guests." -Gabriela Isler
"I constantly make lists and itineraries and then can't stick to any of them." -Freema Agyeman
"A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers." -Plato
"I don't have dreams. How can I say it? I myself am a dream." -Ayumi Hamasaki
"It was a special show that became a cult classic of sorts, and I made a lot of money for it." -Don Adams
"Actually, my favourite roles have been in theatre, but on TV, my faves were Slap Maxwell and Larry Sanders." -Megan Gallagher
"May I kiss you then? On this miserable paper? I might as well open the window and kiss the night air." -Franz Kafka
"This is America. Anyone is free to protest about anything they want." -Nikki Haley
"The guy who sits in front of the television is unengaged. That man is a bad man." -John Eldredge
"Humans have a sense of spontaneity and emotion. We have a dichotomy between grief and happiness." -Morena Baccarin
"This is the very perfection of a man, to find out his own imperfections." -Saint Augustine
"My dad was a huge Bob Dylan fan, so we listened to his music, Cat Stevens, Simon & Garfunkel, and all that kind of stuff." -Oscar Isaac
"I wear anything of culture, from the Earth or beyond. The whole planet is my shop." -Afrika Bambaataa
"I always knew I wanted to be a chef." -Grant Achatz
"Knowledge has to be improved, challenged, and increased constantly, or it vanishes." -Peter Drucker
"I love being in a relationship, but marriage isn't for me." -Arsenio Hall
"But James Gandolfini and Edie Falco, they did such great work, especially in the last show." -Michael Imperioli
"I just thought I'd take a break from publishing for a while." -Max Cannon
"There are two ways of exerting one's strength: one is pushing down, the other is pulling up." -Booker T. Washington
"By blood a king, in heart a clown." -Alfred Lord Tennyson
"Math and science were my favorite subjects besides theater." -Jason Earles
"Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt." -Abraham Lincoln
"When art is defined by Damien Hirst and Jeff Koons, you've got a society that's impoverished." -Robert Adams
"You have to have empathy, knowledge and compassion for your characters if you're a writer." -Paul Haggis
"It's only rock and roll, my god! It's not rocket science." -Steven Adler
"I cannot think of any need in childhood as strong as the need for a father's protection." -Sigmund Freud
"I'm gaining weight the right way: I'm drinking beer." -Johnny Damon
"I just use my muscles as a conversation piece, like someone walking a cheetah down 42nd Street." -Arnold Schwarzenegger
"I've been in Hamburg for about ten years and I just feel at home." -Andrew Eldritch
"'Honky Tonk Badonkadonk' wasn't some serious song, but it was huge! It was funny." -Tyler Farr
"Every song is different." -Dimebag Darrell
"I think if they put a laugh track on 'Intervention,' it would be funny." -Zach Galifianakis
"Fashion is architecture: it is a matter of proportions." -Coco Chanel
"I'm very pro presenting the best music I can to the widest audience possible." -Lesley Garrett
"Throw moderation to the winds, and the greatest pleasures bring the greatest pains." -Democritus
"Life's a tough proposition, and the first hundred years are the hardest." -Wilson Mizner
"Don't fight forces, use them." -R. Buckminster Fuller
"We are all of us stars, and we deserve to twinkle." -Marilyn Monroe
"Guess in my brain I have a figurative 'man card' that's got certain punches that need to be punched." -Jason Babin
"Discipline is just doing the same thing the right way whether anyone's watching or not." -Michael J. Fox
"Laughter is the tonic, the relief, the surcease for pain." -Charlie Chaplin
"Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life." -Buddha
"What's right is what's left if you do everything else wrong." -Robin Williams
"The freedom of all is essential to my freedom." -Mikhail Bakunin
"He that hath no cross deserves no crown." -Francis Quarles
"Baseball is only a game, a game of inches and a lot of luck. During a time of all-out war, sports are very insignificant." -Bob Feller
"Once you succeed in tennis, financially you become quite well off." -Stefan Edberg
"We believe that government works for the benefit of private life, and not the other way around." -Mitch Daniels
"One has to go beyond the mind to experience the spiritual bliss of desirelessness." -Meher Baba
"On stage I make love to twenty five thousand people; and then I go home alone." -Janis Joplin
"The idea of being famous is a lot better than the reality." -Tom Felton
"The only ones who like Milton Berle are his mother - and the public." -Walter Winchell
"Jazz, for me, is a closed circuit, like the term baroque in the world of classical music." -Jan Garbarek
"Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
"Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration." -Thomas A. Edison
"When I go home my mother still makes me take out the garbage." -Nomar Garciaparra
"I hope Obama gets scary in the next four years, 'cuz he ain't gotta worry about getting re-elected." -Samuel L. Jackson
"Half my life is an act of revision." -John Irving
"No one goes into standup to make money. The frustration and rejection are just too much." -Jim Gaffigan
"A beautiful woman should break her mirror early." -Baltasar Gracian
"All men can live together, if they wish to." -Josephine Baker
"My one regret in life is that I am not someone else." -Woody Allen
"You may shelve your Shakespearian plans for the present. I am going to play Peter Pan." -Maude Adams
"Research is formalized curiosity. It is poking and prying with a purpose." -Zora Neale Hurston
"But I remember we sold nearly 18,000 records in one day." -Neil Innes
"When a child is locked in the bathroom with water running and he says he's doing nothing but the dog is barking, call 911." -Erma Bombeck
"When I first went to prison, I was even questioning where, God, where are you?" -Jim Bakker
"Follow the way of life, which the Holy Prophet has shown you, for verily that is the right path." -Abu Bakr
"People didn't stop spending money, they just spent it on things that complement their PCs." -Stephen Baker
"I was eleven, then I was sixteen. Though no honors came my way, those were the lovely years." -Truman Capote
"The highest form of ignorance is when you reject something you don't know anything about." -Wayne Dyer
"Character is power." -Booker T. Washington
"I know for a fact that Heaven and Hell are here on Earth." -Marianne Faithfull
"'Middlesex' by Jeffrey Eugenides left me both moved and, at times, laughing out loud in delight." -Kim Edwards
"I did not become a vegetarian for my health, I did it for the health of the chickens." -Isaac Bashevis Singer
"I'm an actor who believes we all have triggers to any stage of emotion. It's not always easy to find but it's still there." -Hugh Jackman
"If I make a fool of myself, who cares? I'm not frightened by anyone's perception of me." -Angelina Jolie
"The dreams of the 1960s began to disappear in the 1970s. The economy collapsed, and so did the optimism of the Metabolists." -Toyo Ito
"I've got a range as an actor! There was a time I played dramatic leading men." -Charles Dance
"And woven into the fabric of this harsh existence was music." -Lesley Garrett
"The devastating repercussions of hate-filled language manifest in very real ways for today's LGBTQ youth." -Cheyenne Jackson
"I mean, there is amazing amount of oil and gas and other resources out beneath the sea. It's staggering." -Robert Ballard
"What loneliness is more lonely than distrust?" -George Eliot
"I cry out for order and find it only in art." -Helen Hayes
"Never try to impress a woman, because if you do she'll expect you to keep up the standard for the rest of your life." -W. C. Fields
"To grasp the full significance of life is the actor's duty; to interpret it his problem; and to express it his dedication." -James Dean
"I'm not only my films, but I'm pretty much my films." -Leos Carax
"An individual step in character training is to put responsibility on the individual." -Robert Baden-Powell
"I'm not a cineaste. I've made so few films. Sometimes it feels each one is the last one or the first one." -Leos Carax
"Henceforth, we shall be happy to be a free citizen in an independent country." -Bao Dai
"If I want to be a better person for whoever is in my life, I have to learn." -Paul Gascoigne
"The art of love is largely the art of persistence." -Albert Ellis
"I believe in censorship. I made a fortune out of it." -Mae West
"Unfortunately, we are still in an age where individuals may be discriminated against because of health conditions." -Lois Capps
"Write what you love. Love will hold you through the hard times and hold the world during the good times." -Mark Z. Danielewski
"My family's a very musical family, so music's always been a part of my life." -Casey James
"A loaf of bread, a jug of wine, and thou." -Omar Khayyam
"It is better to be alone than in bad company." -George Washington
"Attribution is power." -Jeff Rich
"I hardly ever missed school, and I always got my work in on time. I was a good student and always got top grades." -Tamsin Egerton
"Comedians kind of write what comes to them. You can give yourself little assignments, but it's what inspires you." -Jim Gaffigan
"I am a people watcher and I have a very good memory." -Brian Jacques
"The Second World War simplified things like race, and people came down on very clear lines." -Chiwetel Ejiofor
"I am too old for an eyebrow piercing but too young for an eyebrow lift." -Max Cannon
"After a storm comes a calm." -Matthew Henry
"I try to push ideas away, and the ones that will not leave me alone are the ones that ultimately end up happening." -J. J. Abrams
"Error is always more busy than truth." -Hosea Ballou
"Why indeed must 'God' be a noun? Why not a verb - the most active and dynamic of all." -Mary Daly
"I remember a tour where we played 50 cities in 56 days. We also went to Europe a couple of times." -Jack Irons
"I am a greedy actor in the sense that I like the big bites. Put a big fat steak in front of me, and I will eat it." -Tyne Daly
"It's vital that the monarchy keeps in touch with the people. It's what I try and do." -Princess Diana
"To hold a pen is to be at war." -Voltaire
"The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants." -Thomas Jefferson
"People are not disturbed by things, but by the view they take of them." -Epictetus
"I've always been around musicians and always been the songwriter who doesn't end up playing the music." -Alex Ebert
"Mankind are governed more by their feelings than by reason." -Samuel Adams
"Who seeks shall find." -Sophocles
"There is a sort of theory that you should adapt bad books because they always make more successful films." -Christopher Hampton
"Being out there in the ocean, God's creation, it's like a gift He has given us to enjoy." -Bethany Hamilton
"You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you." -Ray Bradbury
"I spent a year in that town, one Sunday." -George Burns
"Sexuality shouldn't define anyone. It doesn't define me. Love should be at the core of what you do." -Jessie J
"I felt that a number of people might have questioned my loyalty, but I continue to be a patriotic American." -Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
"A man is great by deeds, not by birth." -Chanakya
"Civilization is a method of living, an attitude of equal respect for all men." -Jane Addams
"I always like an environment where there's lots of women and everyone's different." -Megalyn Echikunwoke
"Music is there to access those dark emotional corners that we don't normally get too close to." -Lesley Garrett
"Far From Home was also my idea from a magazine I'd seen." -Jim Capaldi
"I'd like to be an inventor, as they look at the world in a different way and find solutions for making it better." -Neil Jackson
"Appearances are often deceiving." -Aesop
"Success is following the pattern of life one enjoys most." -Al Capp
"The New Deal's enmity for that system of free and competitive private enterprise which we call capitalism was fundamental." -Garet Garrett
"I've always loved Peter Sellers and Alec Guinness movies." -Mark Hamill
"Stories are the single most powerful tool in a leader's toolkit." -Howard Gardner
"Christianity is the very root and foundation of Western civilization." -Dinesh D'Souza
"As you get older, it gets a bit harder to keep the spontaneity in you, but I work at it." -David Hockney
"That picture has become a sort of yardstick for everything else I've done." -Robert Hamer
"The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes, but in having new eyes." -Marcel Proust
"A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams." -John Barrymore
"Do your work with your whole heart, and you will succeed - there's so little competition." -Elbert Hubbard
"No action hero is more closely associated with cars than James Bond." -Richard Hammond
"All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others." -George Orwell
"If you want something said, ask a man; if you want something done, ask a woman." -Margaret Thatcher
"It is in all our interests that the arteries of global trade are kept free, open and running." -Philip Hammond
"You can't just beat a team, you have to leave a lasting impression in their minds so they never want to see you again." -Mia Hamm
"Software is a great combination between artistry and engineering." -Bill Gates
"I think that women who know who they are are beautiful." -Demi Lovato
"It is in pardoning that we are pardoned." -Francis of Assisi
"The wisdom of the wise is an uncommon degree of common sense." -Dean Inge
"And internalization is used in this country as a very effective political tool." -Kathy Acker
"Never look down on anybody unless you're helping him up." -Jesse Jackson
"I feel like I won the Lotto, as far as that show's concerned." -Peter Gallagher
"Advertising is the very essence of democracy." -Anton Chekhov
"Work begets work." -Brion James
"There is no medicine like hope, no incentive so great, and no tonic so powerful as expectation of something tomorrow." -Orison Swett Marden
"Boating on the lake is one of my favorite summer activities." -Carl Hagelin
"I think the thing to do is enjoy the ride while you're on it." -Johnny Depp
"Good literature can be created only with something that is different from literature." -Italo Calvino
"There are no morals in politics; there is only expedience. A scoundrel may be of use to us just because he is a scoundrel." -Vladimir Lenin
"One man's 'magic' is another man's engineering. 'Supernatural' is a null word." -Robert A. Heinlein
"There is only one woman in the world. One woman, with many faces." -Nikos Kazantzakis
"I was a huge fan of the original 'Star Trek,' and I'd never even dreamed that I would someday be captain of a starship." -Scott Bakula
"I am a one success man." -Tom Baker
"Music has always been an important thing to me in my life and understand I've worked in the music business." -Taylor Hackford
"I had the right to remain silent... but I didn't have the ability." -Ron White
"I come from a Christian faith. I am not going to give you insight into my particular beliefs." -Patricia Ireland
"I never threw an illegal pitch. The trouble is, once in a while I toss one that ain't never been seen by this generation." -Satchel Paige
"I realized that the only way to get into a good college was to be valedictorian or salutatorian. So that was my goal." -Melinda Gates
"You don't really see too many straight friendships between men and women on 'Mad Men.'" -Jay R. Ferguson
"The reason why so few good books are written is that so few people who can write know anything." -Walter Bagehot
"I'm still a kid inside, and adventure is adventure wherever you find it." -Jim Dale
"Music doesn't lie. If there is something to be changed in this world, then it can only happen through music." -Jimi Hendrix
"I'm a woman of very few words, but lots of action." -Mae West
"Which death is preferably to every other? 'The unexpected'." -Julius Caesar
"The best way to get most husbands to do something is to suggest that perhaps they're too old to do it." -Ann Bancroft
"For reasons I don't fully understand, tragic love has a certain appeal." -Christian Camargo
"The native American has been generally despised by his white conquerors for his poverty and simplicity." -Charles Eastman
"Who has not sat before his own heart's curtain? It lifts: and the scenery is falling apart." -Rainer Maria Rilke
"In nature there are neither rewards nor punishments; there are consequences." -Robert Green Ingersoll
"It's better to be a fake somebody than a real nobody." -Matt Damon
"Rather fail with honor than succeed by fraud." -Sophocles
"I guess I'm like Roger Miller who used to say that he didn't have as many jokes as he thought he did." -Glen Campbell
"I try to keep it real. I don't have time to worry about what I'm projecting to the world. I'm just busy being myself." -Demi Lovato
"I'm a big believer that accessories can make or break a look." -Nina Garcia
"Man hoards himself when he has nothing to give away." -Edward Dahlberg
"Rock 'n' roll is good for the soul, for the well being, for the psyche, for your everything. I love it." -Hank Ballard
"Liberty is not a means to a higher political end. It is itself the highest political end." -Lord Acton
"People aren't going to support an artist just because they have an audio file. They have to feel a real connection." -Chuck D
"Since we cannot know all that there is to be known about anything, we ought to know a little about everything." -Blaise Pascal
"I always planned to retire when I was at the top and at Manchester United I have reached the pinnacle of my career." -Eric Cantona
"In nine lifetimes, you'll never know as much about your cat as your cat knows about you." -Michel de Montaigne
"Your body can't switch off tired. People fall asleep behind the wheel all the time." -Shanola Hampton
"If you're black in America, race is a factor in your life. Start with that assumption." -Henry Hampton
"Yes, I made mistakes by rebelling, by acting out in confused ways." -Jennifer Capriati
"Madness doesn't happen to someone alone. Very few people have experiences that are theirs alone." -Mark Haddon
"I think I'm a fan of people who were brave, my aunt, my grandmother, those are my heroes." -George Eads
"I'm totally comfortable not being as funny as Larry David." -Jeff Garlin
"Hatred is a feeling which leads to the extinction of values." -Jose Ortega y Gasset
"I know the commitment that TV requires but it's nice to come to work and have fun." -Michael Ealy
"If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree." -Jim Rohn
"A critic is someone who never actually goes to the battle, yet who afterwards comes out shooting the wounded." -Tyne Daly
"The praise that comes from love does not make us vain, but more humble." -James M. Barrie
"First impressions matter. Experts say we size up new people in somewhere between 30 seconds and two minutes." -Elliott Abrams
"I talk to God every single day. And I say, 'God, my life is in your hands, and I trust you with me.'" -Tammy Faye Bakker
"I was 16 years old, driving to LA, and sleeping in my car, just trying to make it happen." -Nick Cannon
"The policeman isn't there to create disorder; the policeman is there to preserve disorder." -Richard J. Daley
"If I decide to be an idiot, then I'll be an idiot on my own accord." -Johann Sebastian Bach
"I live my life day by day, and that's how I continue to live it." -Naomi Campbell
"I grew up in a very devoutly Christian home." -Oscar Isaac
"ABBA: The Movie; I got a lot of grief for working on that." -Lasse Hallstrom
"Propaganda is to a democracy what the bludgeon is to a totalitarian state." -Noam Chomsky
"If the feminist program goes to pieces on the arrival of the first baby, it's false and useless." -Crystal Eastman
"You could tell that America was gearing up for war." -Jack Adams
"To me, all war is failure for humanity, though it often is a bounty for commerce." -Mark Edwards
"I stopped painting in 1990 at the peak of my success just to deny people my beautiful paintings, and I did it out of spite." -Vincent Gallo
"Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"For small creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love." -Carl Sagan
"There were always questions about my parents; I got so fed up with that." -Charlotte Gainsbourg
"I am a being of Heaven and Earth, of thunder and lightning, of rain and wind, of the galaxies." -Eden Ahbez
"Believe those who are seeking the truth. Doubt those who find it." -Andre Gide
"I like to complain and do nothing to make things better." -Kurt Cobain
"It is well for the heart to be naive and the mind not to be." -Anatole France
"I used to help Viv with the chords and melodies sometimes." -Neil Innes
"Never believe that a few caring people can't change the world. For, indeed, that's all who ever have." -Margaret Mead
"You can't deny laughter; when it comes, it plops down in your favorite chair and stays as long as it wants." -Stephen King
"When you're young, try to be realistic; as you get older, become idealistic. You'll live longer." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
"We will not waver; we will not tire; we will not falter, and we will not fail. Peace and Freedom will prevail." -George W. Bush
"I wanna be loved. I just wanna be loved." -Brenda Fassie
"We're delighted to be working with Apple to offer fans a new and innovative way to experience our wildly popular shows." -Bob Iger
"There's a rebel lying deep in my soul." -Clint Eastwood
"We shall reach greater and greater platitudes of achievment." -Richard J. Daley
"Dialogue and education for peace can help free our hearts from the impulse toward intolerance and the rejection of others." -Daisaku Ikeda
"I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap." -Rodney Dangerfield
"My mother's wonderful. To me she's perfection." -Michael Jackson
"I love the Weather Channel because my mood changes a lot according to the weather!" -Stefano Gabbana
"My weaknesses have always been food and men - in that order." -Dolly Parton
"I was hoping he would get up so I could hit him again and keep him down." -Mike Tyson
"I grew up in a Chinese family where the parents' No. 1 priority is the kids' education." -Weili Dai
"My dad's supportive of all my endeavors." -Georgia Jagger
"The freedom now desired by many is not freedom to do and dare but freedom from care and worry." -James Truslow Adams
"I know of no sentence that can induce such immediate and brazen lying as the one that begins, 'Have you read - .'" -Wilson Mizner
"You have to think anyway, so why not think big?" -Donald Trump
"Nobody but radicals have ever accomplished anything in a great crisis." -James A. Garfield
"Opinion has caused more trouble on this little earth than plagues or earthquakes." -Voltaire
"Rich Palm Beach clients all wanted the same kind of different thing." -Billy Baldwin
"People don't just get upset. They contribute to their upsetness." -Albert Ellis
"War is cruelty, and none can make it gentle." -Gilbert Parker
"If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough." -Meister Eckhart
"It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt." -Mark Twain
"By reason of weird translation, many such sets of instructions read like poems anyhow." -Brian Ferneyhough
"I always say, keep a diary and someday it'll keep you." -Mae West
"I talk to my parents more than anybody in my family." -Jason Earles
"Oh, if I could but live another century and see the fruition of all the work for women! There is so much yet to be done." -Susan B. Anthony
"I don't mind answering any questions, because I'm not just a fighter. I'm a lot more than that." -Gina Carano
"I don't make my own schedule - it's constructed around my sons' school schedules." -Jane Haddam
"My first job was a Greek tragedy, and ever since, one job just seemed to roll onto the next. I've been terribly lucky." -Hayley Atwell
"Patience can't be acquired overnight. It is just like building up a muscle. Every day you need to work on it." -Eknath Easwaran
"Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar." -Sigmund Freud
"I wanted to make sure to always stay current, try to find new material and stay with the modern techniques." -Rick Baker
"I'm not interested in closure. Some people just have heart attacks and die, right? There's no closure." -Larry David
"To live life well is to express life poorly; if one expresses life too well, one is living it no longer." -Gaston Bachelard
"And Roger was crazy with his robots and everything." -Neil Innes
"Women bond differently, and I don't think men understand that." -Julie Garwood
"I have never, honestly, thrown a chair in my life." -Steve Ballmer
"My parents never really lecture me." -Georgia Jagger
"Religion and philosophy, philosophy and religion - they're two words which are both... different. In spelling." -Eddie Izzard
"Whenever things go a bit sour in a job I'm doing, I always tell myself, 'You can do better than this.'" -Dr. Seuss
"Pray as though everything depended on God. Work as though everything depended on you." -Saint Augustine
"Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes." -Benjamin Disraeli
"Every country has the right to determine its own laws. And India can't afford monopolies." -Yusuf Hamied
"I grew up around acting, but it was never thought of as a career." -Troy Garity
"We are not final because we are infallible, but we are infallible only because we are final." -Robert Jackson
"You don't have to swing hard to hit a home run. If you got the timing, it'll go." -Yogi Berra
"I need to be looking at what's important in North Carolina, and you better believe that's what I will do." -Kay Hagan
"No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river and he's not the same man." -Heraclitus
"Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command." -Alan Watts
"Suicide is not a remedy." -James A. Garfield
"Impropriety is the soul of wit." -W. Somerset Maugham
"Negativity spreads faster than any Justin Bieber song." -Vanilla Ice
"When you get successful, you can do pretty much whatever you want." -Randy Bachman
"Men often think it's the bad boys who get the hot chicks. But I'm living proof that the good guys win." -Carson Daly
"HIV does not make people dangerous to know, so you can shake their hands and give them a hug: Heaven knows they need it." -Princess Diana
"I see when men love women. They give them but a little of their lives. But women when they love give everything." -Oscar Wilde
"It is common for those that are farthest from God, to boast themselves most of their being near to the Church." -Matthew Henry
"I never knew whether to pity or congratulate a man on coming to his senses." -William Makepeace Thackeray
"I don't display my plaques and honors. They are hidden behind a black curtain in my work room at home." -John Cameron
"It's strategic for us - lots of people will develop applications in .NET." -Miguel de Icaza
"I am thankful, of course, for the prize and thankful to God for each story, each idea, each word, each day." -Isaac Bashevis Singer
"I lost my childhood. I didn't play football or video games. Or have birthdays or the love of a family." -Emmanuel Jal
"The old saying that war is a racket has taken on an even more shameful meaning." -David Hackworth
"Cunning is the art of concealing our own defects, and discovering other people's weaknesses." -William Hazlitt
"Only if you have been in the deepest valley, can you ever know how magnificent it is to be on the highest mountain." -Richard M. Nixon
"My theory is if you have a religion, it's a good one. Because some people don't have any at all." -Tom T. Hall
"Commas in The New Yorker fall with the precision of knives in a circus act, outlining the victim." -E. B. White
"Once you start telling people you're famous, they believe you." -Melissa de la Cruz
"What we learn only through the ears makes less impression upon our minds than what is presented to the trustworthy eye." -Horace
"My dear friend, clear your mind of cant." -Samuel Johnson
"I never thought in a million years that I would do a weekly series." -Jennifer Ehle
"Now, you can't tell me, we have the only God in the whole world. You can't tell me that nobody else has God." -Edward T. Hall
"There is a gigantic difference between earning a great deal of money and being rich." -Marlene Dietrich
"The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time." -Bertrand Russell
"Broadway is a main artery of New York life - the hardened artery." -Walter Winchell
"The day is coming when a single carrot, freshly observed, will set off a revolution." -Paul Cezanne
"Never ask a woman when she's due unless you know for a fact she's expecting." -Eric Dane
"When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves." -Viktor E. Frankl
"Every man gotta right to decide his own destiny." -Bob Marley
"I don't have the time to be bored." -Stefano Gabbana
"Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later." -Og Mandino
"All the dreamers in all the world are dizzy in the noodle." -Edie Adams
"I am an incredibly strong person and an incredibly fast person." -Jaye Davidson
"I think we have the attention span of a gnat. You know, with cell phones and Twitter." -Jeff Daniels
"When you're in a position to have gotten so much, the gift at this point is giving back." -Paul Stanley
"A little mordida, here. A little mordida, there." -Wolfman Jack
"Knowledge is power." -Francis Bacon
"To live without Hope is to Cease to live." -Fyodor Dostoevsky
"Winners never quit and quitters never win." -Vince Lombardi
"College kids, don't be taking examples from me." -Darrell Hammond
"The return of democracy in our land has indeed thrown the problems of development into bolder relief." -Ibrahim Babangida
"It's neat to have finally reached a point where I can accept what I was and what I am." -Janis Ian
"People's minds are changed through observation and not through argument." -Will Rogers
"You are defined by who you are, by your choices in life, in all regards, not just in doing movies." -Andy Garcia
"I'm a bit of a tomboy, but when it comes to love I am a doormat." -Elisabetta Canalis
"Nobody wants a fat lead singer." -Sebastian Bach
"Guilt: the gift that keeps on giving." -Erma Bombeck
"After I sold my screenplay adaptation of 'Rain Fall' to Sony Pictures, I had no more creative involvement." -Barry Eisler
"I have one pug and one Czechoslovakian dog called Prazsky krysarik." -Agnetha Faltskog
"How far away the stars seem, and how far is our first kiss, and ah, how old my heart." -William Butler Yeats
"Remember, a dead fish can float downstream, but it takes a live one to swim upstream." -W. C. Fields
"I want to understand more about the world while I'm still here." -Jostein Gaarder
"A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world." -Leo Buscaglia
"Concealing one's true medical condition from the voting public is a time-honored tradition of the American presidency." -Robert Dallek
"With realization of one's own potential and self-confidence in one's ability, one can build a better world." -Dalai Lama
"Have you ever been hurt and the place tries to heal a bit, and you just pull the scar off of it over and over again." -Rosa Parks
"I don't have any expectations as an actor, and being rich and famous is not my driving force." -James D'arcy
"Fashion is about fun, you know, and I think a lot of people forget that sometimes." -Georgia May Jagger
"Fear is one thing that can ruin everything. It's the greatest problem." -Boman Irani
"All my games were political games; I was, like Joan of Arc, perpetually being burned at the stake." -Indira Gandhi
"I've been living with the minor second all my life and I finally found a way to handle it." -Morton Feldman
"If something pops in my mind and it's easy, I write it." -Wanda Jackson
"If you have time to whine and complain about something then you have the time to do something about it." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
"Setting a good example is a far better way to spread ideals than through force of arms." -Ron Paul
"I like really bad T.V.; it's a problem. Love me some reality." -Britt Robertson
"The only man who never makes a mistake is the man who never does anything." -Theodore Roosevelt
"Fans don't boo nobodies." -Reggie Jackson
"I think it really holds you back having to think about your image." -Jane Badler
"I've tried writing. Two days later I'd go visit it and say, Jesus Christ, who wrote this crap?" -Dennis Farina
"I was hanging out with Jonathan Richman last night." -Evan Dando
"Scenery is fine - but human nature is finer." -John Keats
"As an actor, you're constantly riddled with self-doubt. You are your own worst critic." -Michelle Fairley
"Avoid extremes: be moderate In saving and in spending; An equable and easy gait Will win an easy ending." -Robert W. Service
"It has a really timeless feel." -David Campbell
"America is ready for livable communities. America is ready for high-speed rail." -Greg Abbott
"I never lost a friend I wanted to keep." -Walter Winchell
"In the last analysis sound judgment will prevail." -Joseph Cannon
"I like the fact that kids are willing to be imaginative and go along with me when I'm telling strange tales." -Margaret Haddix
"If you win without sacrifice you enjoy it but it's more satisfying when you have struggled." -Andres Iniesta
"If anything, I was the opposite of most college students who think they can do anything." -Annie Baker
"A president cannot sit on his hands and be seen as passive in the face of ruthless action by a foreign dictator." -Robert Dallek
"To make mistakes is human; to stumble is commonplace; to be able to laugh at yourself is maturity." -William Arthur Ward
"Being considerate of others will take your children further in life than any college degree." -Marian Wright Edelman
"I get offered a lot of the same type of thing... The teenage slasher movies." -Casey Affleck
"Israel is my past. My two boys are my future." -Shai Agassi
"I love water - I'm an Aquarius, but that has nothing to do with it - and I've never been away from water in any place." -Andre Balazs
"I learned so much about recording and about singing on records from Ken Nelson." -Wanda Jackson
"And of course, pop music is all about memorability and simplicity and positive messages and a little dash of joy." -Feist
"In Socrates' thought the two marks of individual self-consciousness appear; it is practical and it is social." -James Mark Baldwin
"Sometimes you're not sure about a player. Sometimes you doubt. Sometimes you have to guess. Sometimes... you just know." -Alex Ferguson
"PTSD has a terminal side to it that calls for more urgency." -Romeo Dallaire
"The shorter the chain between raw food and fork, the fresher it is and the more transparent the system is." -Joel Salatin
"A dream without ambition is like a car without gas... you're not going anywhere." -Sean Hampton
"I think Cannes is usually pretty fair in choosing what will play well to the home festival crowd." -Eric Fellner
"We spend money we don't have, on things we don't need, to make impressions that don't matter." -Tim Jackson
"Dream in a pragmatic way." -Aldous Huxley
"The more social media we have, the more we think we're connecting, yet we are really disconnecting from each other." -JR
"One of the reasons why my album is called 'Forget the World' is because when you listen to the world, you make stupid mistakes." -Afrojack
"I was born and raised in Ohio. During my childhood, I spent most of my time drawing and reading fairy tales and myths." -Natalie Babbitt
"I dwell in possibility." -Emily Dickinson
"I read our emails every day and I know there are people out there who think I'm awful." -Dan Abrams
"The Serbian people certainly will never be an obstacle for the Montenegrins to have their own country." -Ivica Dacic
"I'd love to do some new plays." -Edward Hall
"My father was a motorsports journalist and a motorbike fan. He gave me my motocross bike." -Jacky Ickx
"My upbringing in Canada made me the person I am. I will always be proud to be a Canadian." -Jim Carrey
"I really wonder what gives us the right to wreck this poor planet of ours." -Kurt Vonnegut
"Iraq is a manufactured conflict for the sake of geopolitical dominance in the area." -Janeane Garofalo
"I practice martial arts not to win over other people but to win over my own heart." -Tony Jaa
"I never kissed my father until he was on his death bed." -Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.
"New York's definitely got my heart." -Caitriona Balfe
"Ideas are one thing and what happens is another." -John Cage
"I chalk up the fact that I got diabetes to my body saying, 'Dude, you have been doing wrong for way too long!'" -Randy Jackson
"My chief concern is to try to be an humble, earnest Christian." -Robert E. Lee
"I love to play characters who are stuffy and nerdy who either then have a dark side or are pushed to a breaking point." -Andy Daly
"I write of the wish that comes true - for some reason, a terrifying concept." -James M. Cain
"I myself have already spent a third of my life in Germany, first in Cologne and then, since 1994, in Berlin." -Olafur Eliasson
"The idea of cultural relativism is nothing but an excuse to violate human rights." -Shirin Ebadi
"They're dressing like in the 50's when they come out to the shows, and many of them have vintage cars." -Wanda Jackson
"Nobody can give you wiser advice than yourself." -Marcus Tullius Cicero
"Woman throughout the ages has been mistress to the law, as man has been its master." -Freda Adler
"All the good music has already been written by people with wigs and stuff." -Frank Zappa
"Shame is an unhappy emotion invented by pietists in order to exploit the human race." -Blake Edwards
"Blacks don't square dance. If you see a black person square dancing, it is definitely the seventh sign." -Tommy Davidson
"Rock n' roll to me is all about freedom of thought and to be whatever you want to be." -Noel Gallagher
"If you're put on a set with a lot of people, it's just nice to see everyone working together." -Tom Felton
"I became famous almost before I had a craft." -Farrah Fawcett
"A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." -Albert Einstein
"In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule." -Friedrich Nietzsche
"I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member." -Groucho Marx
"Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible." -Tony Robbins
"To find a form that accommodates the mess, that is the task of the artist now." -Samuel Beckett
"I'm not a 3-D man; I'm a 2-D man." -Martin Campbell
"An imbalance between rich and poor is the oldest and most fatal ailment of all republics." -Plutarch
"My parents wanted us to be well-rounded individuals and really have the American experiences as richly as one can." -Uzo Aduba
"Somebody has to invest in creating the movies of the future." -Eric Fellner
"Our prayers should be for blessings in general, for God knows best what is good for us." -Socrates
"I'm shopping around for something to do that no one will like." -Jerry Garcia
"Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick." -Bruce Lee
"Quotations, like much better things, has its abuses." -Isaac D'Israeli
"The other thing in composition is opening up the unconscious." -John Fahey
"I believe in practicing prudence at least once every two or three years." -Molly Ivins
"Deconstruction insists not that truth is illusory but that it is institutional." -Terry Eagleton
"The great difference between voyages rests not with the ships, but with the people you meet on them." -Amelia Barr
"My job is to create jobs. In the end I'm going to have jobs to show for it." -Nikki Haley
"You can't study the darkness by flooding it with light." -Edward Abbey
"I think an Edwards-Kerry ticket would be powerful." -John Edwards
"There is something very satisfactory about being in the middle of something." -Marilyn Hacker
"The secret of a happy marriage remains a secret." -Henny Youngman
"Success follows doing what you want to do. There is no other way to be successful." -Malcolm Forbes
"This must be Thursday. I never could get the hang of Thursdays." -Douglas Adams
"Women need to learn to value themselves. But that has to be inculcated in men as much as women." -Vidya Balan
"I am hoping that in this year of the family we will go into our families and reconcile differences." -Louis Farrakhan
"Blessed is he who talks in circles, for he shall become a big wheel." -Frank Dane
"Something inside of me just said 'Hey, wait a minute, I want to beat him,' and I just took off." -Steve Prefontaine
"We always knew when we took on the issue of violence against women that somehow our opposition would come after us." -Patricia Ireland
"To truly laugh, you must be able to take your pain, and play with it!" -Charlie Chaplin
"Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness." -Sophocles
"Every man's ability may be strengthened or increased by culture." -John Abbott
"The final wisdom of life requires not the annulment of incongruity but the achievement of serenity within and above it." -Reinhold Niebuhr
"How shall a man escape from that which is written; How shall he flee from his destiny?" -Ferdowsi
"The companies that won't do well will be the me-too companies: the fifth, sixth, seventh version of Twitter, etc." -Jason Calacanis
"I know that I am intelligent, because I know that I know nothing." -Socrates
"I know I'm never going to be a big pop star, because I'm not willing to conform." -Justin Townes Earle
"Marlon was so sensitive, you thought the poor guy just had a bad education." -Uta Hagen
"The music business is motivated by money. Music is motivated by energy and feelings." -Erykah Badu
"The world is neither wise nor just, but it makes up for all its folly and injustice by being damnably sentimental." -Thomas Huxley
"Nothing ever comes to one, that is worth having, except as a result of hard work." -Booker T. Washington
"Everybody, sooner or later, will have to go under the knife. Let's hope they make out as well as I did." -Bobby Darin
"Van Halen is a work in progress." -Alex Van Halen
"Organize, agitate, educate, must be our war cry." -Susan B. Anthony
"I don't say it in a cocky way, but I take pride in being one of the best at doing what I do." -Sean Combs
"Don't just work for the money; that will bring only limited satisfaction." -Kathy Ireland
"Blessed is the influence of one true, loving human soul on another." -George Eliot
"I've got time, I hope, to make lots of quiet records. So quiet you won't be able to hear them." -Evan Dando
"We forge the chains we wear in life." -Charles Dickens
"Religion can never reform mankind because religion is slavery." -Robert Green Ingersoll
"The responsibility of a writer is to excavate the experience of the people who produced him." -James Baldwin
"I do dead Canadians. If he's dead and he's Canadian and he's famous, I'll be playing him at some point." -Colm Feore
"I had two things I could do: I could run over you, and I could put a good stiff arm on you. That was about it." -Earl Campbell
"I don't play to sweat, I play to win." -Kevin Garnett
"Men are only as good as their technical development allows them to be." -George Orwell
"What Youth deemed crystal, Age finds out was dew." -Robert Browning
"The strength of a nation derives from the integrity of the home." -Confucius
"No man is ever old enough to know better." -Holbrook Jackson
"For me, Lancome was more than just a brand. There was something very nostalgic about the name, about the whole story." -Alber Elbaz
"Every noble work is at first impossible." -Thomas Carlyle
"You must take the risk to disclose yourself in order to become more real, more human. And even if the price is high." -Isabelle Adjani
"Smart people are a dime a dozen. What matters is the ability to think different... to think out of the box." -Walter Isaacson
"The hardest song to write is a protest song, a topical song with meaning." -Joan Baez
"I can't sing or dance." -Joel Edgerton
"My least favorite phrase in the English language is 'I don't care.'" -James Caan
"Beauty itself is but the sensible image of the Infinite." -Francis Bacon
"I don't like jeans with holes in 'em. I like 'em faded." -Liam Gallagher
"I think most actors will tell you the same thing; when you're not working you put 100 percent into every audition." -Jeremy Irvine
"It is hard, though, 'cos record labels love to boss you around. I won't let them do that anymore." -Evan Dando
"Usually, the biggest companies are not the most dynamic." -Tony Fadell
"I'd love to be the new Jools Holland, but you know, for, like, cooler people." -Katy B
"Make each day count by setting specific goals to succeed, then putting forth every effort to exceed your own expectations." -Les Brown
"Everyone needs a fantasy." -Andy Warhol
"Character develops itself in the stream of life." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Adults are obsolete children." -Dr. Seuss
"Errors using inadequate data are much less than those using no data at all." -Charles Babbage
"I know I'm not perfect." -Carmen Electra
"Failure is success if we learn from it." -Malcolm Forbes
"You've got two people that are well known in South Dakota, respected. We'll see how it all shakes out." -Tom Daschle
"I feel very comfortable shooting music, and I think you can see that." -Taylor Hackford
"There have been makeup artists who've asked if my eyebrows are real." -Peter Gallagher
"It is still just unbelievable to us that diarrhea is one of the leading causes of child deaths in the world." -Melinda Gates
"The spirit of man can endure only so much and when it is broken only a miracle can mend it." -John Burroughs
"Without health life is not life; it is only a state of langour and suffering - an image of death." -Buddha
"Anything that is unexpected is the X-factor." -Dante Hall
"The eye with which I see God is the same eye with which God sees me." -Meister Eckhart
"Most artists try to avoid cliches, but it's pretty hard to avoid them if you yourself end up being one." -Daryl Hall
"When you do everything to make the very best product, it also means you're very focused on just a few products." -Jonathan Ive
"Always desire to learn something useful." -Sophocles
"I get nervous for any competition. I also get really competitive." -Morena Baccarin
"It's a helluva start, being able to recognize what makes you happy." -Lucille Ball
"I like having the freedom to dress as I desire." -Alber Elbaz
"I prefer peace. But if trouble must come, let it come in my time, so that my children can live in peace." -Thomas Paine
"When the legends die, the dreams end; there is no more greatness." -Tecumseh
"I never shared a room growing up because I was the only girl." -Jennette McCurdy
"It's tough to play the right chord on the instrument when there's someone out there who wants to kill you." -Darrell Hammond
"He who has a why to live can bear almost any how." -Friedrich Nietzsche
"It's always great to play a man who sets himself up to be punctured." -Jeremy Irons
"Only the more rugged mortals should attempt to keep up with current literature." -George Ade
"To the uneducated, an A is just three sticks." -A. A. Milne
"I never planned on being a plumber." -Scott Caan
"A man has a property in his opinions and the free communication of them." -James Madison
"I will always find even the worst paintings that attempt some kind of representation better than the best invented paintings." -Balthus
"From the deepest desires often come the deadliest hate." -Socrates
"Accept who you are and try and make the best of that." -Randy Jackson
"Why do the Yankees always win? The other team can't stop looking at the pinstripes." -Frank Abagnale
"Did I say that the President's entire job is image management? Of course not." -Gwen Ifill
"I pay attention to how I look but I don't let it go too far." -Colbie Caillat
"Want to learn to eat a lot? Here it is: Eat a little. That way, you will be around long enough to eat a lot." -Tony Robbins
"The last thing I wanted to do was to be a wartime President." -Lyndon B. Johnson
"With a growing population, there is a growing need for more water delivery and storage." -Joe Baca
"Women love a self-confident bald man." -Larry David
"I understand how hard it is to talk to people about MS. You don't want pity or random advice." -Teri Garr
"The superfluous, a very necessary thing." -Voltaire
"I create my own lyrics. I have a great band. I have a drummer from East Berlin." -Nina Hagen
"I passed a typing test and became a member of the staff of Rear Adm. Newton." -Jack Adams
"The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases." -Carl Jung
"Apart from 'Stoned,' I can't think of a film that's made me think, 'Blimey, that should have been at Cannes.'" -Eric Fellner
"Courtesy is only a thin veneer on the general selfishness." -Honore de Balzac
"You can't win unless you learn how to lose." -Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
"You can't get much more liberal than John Kerry is. I mean, he's my candidate, but, I mean, come on." -Don Imus
"A gentleman will not insult me, and no man not a gentleman can insult me." -Frederick Douglass
"Playing music is not really susceptible to theory much. Circumstances affect it so much." -Derek Bailey
"If you are truly innovating, you don't have a prototype you can refer to." -Jonathan Ive
"The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously." -Hubert H. Humphrey
"When God sneezed, I didn't know what to say." -Henny Youngman
"It is better to risk starving to death then surrender. If you give up on your dreams, what's left?" -Jim Carrey
"A true initiation never ends." -Robert Anton Wilson
"I'm trying to build a brand. I'm not just doing one-off projects." -Brandon T. Jackson
"Nothing is more unpleasant than a virtuous person with a mean mind." -Walter Bagehot
"The best vision is insight." -Malcolm Forbes
"What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything?" -Vincent Van Gogh
"I was so honored to be on 'Entourage' for eight years but I want to show people that I can do other things." -Jerry Ferrara
"Republicans believe every day is the Fourth of July, but the democrats believe every day is April 15." -Ronald Reagan
"To catch a husband is an art; to hold him is a job." -Simone de Beauvoir
"How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours." -Wayne Dyer
"The pace of technological change in recent years has been both impressive and positive for consumers." -Mike Ferguson
"Politics was my third act. But I could have a fourth. I don't know what that will be yet, but there will be one." -Gary Ackerman
"I don't believe in auditioning. I'm a bad auditioner. I don't like it." -Penn Badgley
"My mother wanted us to understand that the tragedies of your life one day have the potential to be comic stories the next." -Nora Ephron
"Music was our wife, and we loved her. And we stayed with her, and we clothed her, and we put diamond rings on her hands." -Lionel Hampton
"I knew that if I wanted to be all I could be, I would have to go to the U.S. It took three years to get the accent right." -Idris Elba
"Certainly early on, I kind of modeled myself after Steve Martin and Bill Murray. I would imitate them sometimes." -Jeff Garlin
"I do fairly represent Middle Eastern women." -Shohreh Aghdashloo
"God gave women intuition and femininity. Used properly, the combination easily jumbles the brain of any man I've ever met." -Farrah Fawcett
"Even Superman's name reflects his creators' biblical knowledge." -Bruce Feiler
"If you're not a born-again Christian, you're a failure as a human being." -Jerry Falwell
"It's a poor sort of memory that only works backwards." -Lewis Carroll
"A pure hand needs no glove to cover it." -Nathaniel Hawthorne
"Kindness is the sunshine in which virtue grows." -Robert Green Ingersoll
"I love memoirs and autobiographies in general." -Brett Davern
"We are a nation of immigrants, but we are also a nation of laws." -Elton Gallegly
"The Bible says, 'Judge not lest ye be judged.' Our lives are supposed to be hospitals, not courtrooms." -Tammy Faye Bakker
"Children go where they find sincerity and authenticity." -Eric Cantona
"I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly." -Winston Churchill
"Even if a unity of faith is not possible, a unity of love is." -Hans Urs von Balthasar
"Either you run the day or the day runs you." -Jim Rohn
"A woman can look both moral and exciting... if she also looks as if it was quite a struggle." -Edna Ferber
"Limit to courage? There is no limit to courage." -Gabriele D'Annunzio
"I have a job that I truly love, and an enormous crew of people that can do things better than I can!" -Rick Baker
"As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"I remember little of the Yukon or what I wrote there." -Robert W. Service
"Every man sees in his relatives, and especially in his cousins, a series of grotesque caricatures of himself." -H. L. Mencken
"The idea that the growing demand for energy worldwide can be met with energy from nuclear power is nonsense." -Sigmar Gabriel
"My pitching philosophy is simple - keep the ball way from the bat." -Satchel Paige
"You must trust and believe in people or life becomes impossible." -Anton Chekhov
"Meaning, however, is no great matter." -Charles Stuart Calverley
"When I was young, I was everywhere." -David Edwards
"Listen to your intuition. It will tell you everything you need to know." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
"Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does. Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up." -James A. Baldwin
"Cyber war takes place largely in secret, unknown to the general public on both sides." -Noah Feldman
"A drama critic is a person who surprises the playwright by informing him what he meant." -Wilson Mizner
"Where annual elections end where slavery begins." -John Quincy Adams
"Always be nice to your children because they are the ones who will choose your rest home." -Phyllis Diller
"I want to make it faster than anyone has ever made it before. I'd like to be a legend by the time I'm 25." -Bobby Darin
"The wonderful thing about God is he knows what we need to persuade us." -Charles R. Swindoll
"Justice will overtake fabricators of lies and false witnesses." -Heraclitus
"I'd love to live in New Orleans. I love the freedom of it - for good and for bad." -James Gandolfini
"Leadership to me means duty, honor, country. It means character, and it means listening from time to time." -George W. Bush
"I would love to be a Bond girl. That is on my bucket list, definitely." -Morena Baccarin
"I want a kiss to be so believable it gives the reader shivers." -Laurell K. Hamilton
"Hope springs eternal in the human breast: Man never is, but always To be Blest." -Alexander Pope
"You look up at drama, down at comedy. A singer, looking up is okay. A comic, it's death." -Buddy Hackett
"The most noble criticism is that in which the critic is not the antagonist so much as the rival of the author." -Isaac D'Israeli
"If there is a God, his plan is very similar to someone not having a plan." -Eddie Izzard
"One of the truest tests of integrity is its blunt refusal to be compromised." -Chinua Achebe
"Complete peace equally reigns between two mental waves." -Swami Sivananda
"Over my lifetime, the car had actually transcended the fact that it is a car. It has become a venue." -Eric Bana
"I do pool exercises, like weightlifting but underwater. I walk, I swim... I'm pretty fit for an old bloke." -Eric Idle
"I kept hiding my smile in pictures throughout middle school and most of high school until picture day came my senior year." -Uzo Aduba
"Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in." -Andrew Jackson
"Slavery is a weed that grows on every soil." -Edmund Burke
"I do have bad hair days. If I fall asleep with it slightly damp, I wake up and it'll all be piled up on top in a mess." -Georgia Jagger
"They had me doing Beach Boys remakes and all that. I was basically a marionette." -Leif Garrett
"Whatever else is unsure in this stinking dunghill of a world a mother's love is not." -James Joyce
"French fries kill more people than guns and sharks, yet nobody's afraid of French fries." -Robert Kiyosaki
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
"I get recognized, but I'm not really a famous famous." -Dave Attell
"Yeah, I think it's an absolute disaster that Australia, the government, allowed kangaroo culling." -Steve Irwin
"The amount of piracy is extraordinary. People don't realize how big it is." -Lorenzo di Bonaventura
"To be human is to have a collection of memories that tells you who you are and how you got there." -Rosecrans Baldwin
"I'm a much healthier eater and I've lost quite a bit of weight over the years." -Randy Jackson
"A good goal is like a strenuous exercise - it makes you stretch." -Mary Kay Ash
"I never mind contorting myself for a good cause." -Christina Aguilera
"Health is not a condition of matter, but of Mind." -Mary Baker Eddy
"It is much easier to drive without having an accident." -Alec Issigonis
"All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us." -J. R. R. Tolkien
"Your worth consists in what you are and not in what you have." -Thomas A. Edison
"Avoid popularity; it has many snares, and no real benefit." -William Penn
"To go to the White House is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. In fact, the building is not that big." -Hugh Bonneville
"It is the function of the President, representing the executive principle, to execute the laws." -Garet Garrett
"I think the level of devotion some sci-fi fans display turns other people off." -James Callis
"The end of science is not to prove a theory, but to improve mankind." -Manly Hall
"The early bird catches the worm." -William Camden
"Solo artists are generally totally insane. Elton John? Slightly eccentric. George Michael? He's mad as custard." -Noel Gallagher
"Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." -Thomas A. Edison
"If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative." -Woody Allen
"I don't think I'm an unkind person, I don't think my books are unkind, and I don't think my readers are unkind." -Julian Fellowes
"Life becomes harder for us when we live for others, but it also becomes richer and happier." -Albert Schweitzer
"Is it a crime, to fight, for what is mine?" -Tupac Shakur
"None of us are bigger than the WWE. It will always continue to go on, and I will always be a part of it." -Triple H
"I prefer a cluttered workspace." -Julianna Baggott
"Men are more often bribed by their loyalties and ambitions than by money." -Robert Jackson
"Like all kids with divorced parents, I have an abundance of holidays." -Deb Caletti
"For me, Buddhism is a psychology and a philosophy that provides a means, upayas, for working with the mind." -Joan Halifax
"Art must not serve might." -Karel Capek
"Painting is an infinitely minute part of my personality." -Salvador Dali
"This continent, an open palm spread frank before the sky." -James Agee
"You don't paint pictures to put them in your attic. You want people to look at them." -Joe Dante
"Debate and divergence of views can only enrich our history and culture." -Ibrahim Babangida
"A happy marriage is a long conversation which always seems too short." -Andre Maurois
"Translation is the art of failure." -Umberto Eco
"Anyone who believes you can't change history has never tried to write his memoirs." -David Ben-Gurion
"Love is a chain of love as nature is a chain of life." -Truman Capote
"It probably won't sink in until I've retired from running but I'm a much better athlete than two years ago." -Michael East
"The worst crime is faking it." -Kurt Cobain
"I'm taking Viagra and drinking prune juice - I don't know if I'm coming or going." -Rodney Dangerfield
"A man's worth is no greater than his ambitions." -Marcus Aurelius
"A peaceful man does more good than a learned one." -Pope John XXIII
"I am convinced that life is 10% what happens to me and 96% how I react to it." -Scipio Africanus
"It's not tyranny we desire; it's a just, limited, federal government." -Alexander Hamilton
"In a time of universal deceit - telling the truth is a revolutionary act." -George Orwell
"I didn't think I'd be around 30 years later." -Sammy Hagar
"I assume everyone around me is older because they look more responsible." -Armando Iannucci
"You can free yourself from aging by reinterpreting your body and by grasping the link between belief and biology." -Deepak Chopra
"Perhaps everything terrible is in its deepest being something helpless that wants help from us." -Rainer Maria Rilke
"You don't take a photograph, you make it." -Ansel Adams
"I have lived long enough to satisfy both nature and glory." -Julius Caesar
"I want to create shows which are interesting. I hope that some people are excited by some of the ideas." -Robin Ince
"The best book I read this year was 'The Da Vinci Code.'" -Goran Ivanisevic
"I love improvising." -Lasse Hallstrom
"Wisdom comes by disillusionment." -George Santayana
"Since the end of the Second World War, our population has more than doubled to 27 million people." -Kim Campbell
"There are nights when the wolves are silent and only the moon howls." -George Carlin
"With radio, the listener absorbs everything." -Bob Edwards
"Don't be afraid of failure; be afraid of petty success." -Maude Adams
"Technology has changed the way book publishing works, as it has changed everything else in the world of media." -Bruce Jackson
"If pregnancy were a book they would cut the last two chapters." -Nora Ephron
"I might be needy, competitive and desperate but it's far better than being wet." -Jenny Eclair
"I don't watch reality TV." -Dave Attell
"That's my ideal day, time with my boys." -Kenny G
"Working with Benny was important for me and for black musicians in general." -Lionel Hampton
"My philosophy is to enjoy yourself. Do the things you want to do, like play golf!" -Phil Daniels
"In order to improve the mind, we ought less to learn, than to contemplate." -Rene Descartes
"Equality may perhaps be a right, but no power on earth can ever turn it into a fact." -Honore de Balzac
"The live concert industry has become corporate-ized." -Perry Farrell
"I'm a freestyle creative entrepreneur. Not a businessman. I like to create ventures in which creativity stands at the centre." -Lapo Elkann
"In the name of Hippocrates, doctors have invented the most exquisite form of torture ever known to man: survival." -Luis Bunuel
"And this is what was fascinating to me about 'The Help'; they were ordinary people who did extraordinary things." -Viola Davis
"Nonsense and beauty have close connections." -E. M. Forster
"He who lives by the crystal ball will eat shattered glass." -Ray Dalio
"You should not take a fellow eight years old and make him swear to never kiss the girls." -Robert Browning
"To me the meanest flower that blows can give thoughts that do often lie too deep for tears." -William Wordsworth
"You can't have thousands of cars without good computers on the electric grid." -Shai Agassi
"What you're doing is acting with yourself. Well, I'm my favourite actor, so in a way it's quite straightforward for me." -Peter Capaldi
"I must be careful not to get trapped in the past. That's why I tend to forget my songs." -Mick Jagger
"If I don't get at least one e-mail every ten minutes, I feel unloved. Even junk mail makes me feel seen. Sad, I know. Sigh." -Chris Abani
"Only a coward will use a gun to protect and get respect for themselves." -Emmanuel Jal
"We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures." -Thornton Wilder
"We don't live in a world that's black and white." -Shannon Elizabeth
"I like being a woman, but I'm a little rough around the edges. I've been bungee jumping twice, but I was scared." -Edy Ganem
"I think the teaching profession contributes more to the future of our society than any other single profession." -John Wooden
"I have the fault of being a little more sincere than is proper." -Moliere
"When one teaches, two learn." -Robert Half
"Endurance is the crowning quality, And patience all the passion of great hearts." -James Russell Lowell
"Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut." -Ernest Hemingway
"If an expert says it can't be done, get another expert." -David Ben-Gurion
"You leave home to seek your fortune and, when you get it, you go home and share it with your family." -Anita Baker
"I love fools' experiments. I am always making them." -Charles Darwin
"They don't like thinking in medical school. They memorize - that's all they want you to do. You must not think." -John Backus
"People are saying that I'm an alcoholic, and that's not true, because I only drink when I work, and I'm a workaholic." -Ron White
"When you work with a great director, you realise you are far from being a director." -Barkhad Abdi
"If you're going to stay in the Olympics, you've got to be entertaining and get sponsorship." -Dan Gable
"I've always had an affinity for lawyers. My dad is a lawyer. He's retired now. My brother is a lawyer." -Scott Bakula
"A crown, if it hurts us, is not worth wearing." -Pearl Bailey
"There is no original truth, only original error." -Gaston Bachelard
"Actions are the seed of fate deeds grow into destiny." -Harry S Truman
"Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes." -Carl Jung
"Challenging the meaning of life is the truest expression of the state of being human." -Viktor E. Frankl
"I'm human and I've played my butt off for ten years. I'm not a loafer, I'm not a jerk, I'm a baseball player." -Reggie Jackson
"Biography should be written by an acute enemy." -Arthur Balfour
"There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting." -Buddha
"While playing golf today I hit two good balls. I stepped on a rake." -Henny Youngman
"The writer's room is a really interesting place to be." -Jason Gann
"Never measure the height of a mountain until you have reached the top. Then you will see how low it was." -Dag Hammarskjold
"Yeah we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun." -John Lennon
"The telephone book is full of facts, but it doesn't contain a single idea." -Mortimer Adler
"I've been a ballerina since I was two, but I've always wanted to be an actress." -Dakota Fanning
"You know, a lot of people are loath to go to an orchestral concert because they are intimidated by the thought." -Anthony Daniels
"A fox should not be on the jury at a goose's trial." -Thomas Fuller
"I'm taking it step by step and not thinking at all about a new contract." -Paul Ince
"I'd rather do my own performance than copy someone else's." -Arthur Darvill
"The easiest way to solve a problem is to pick an easy one." -Franklin P. Jones
"I think it is important to help our country's image outside of Spain." -Vicente del Bosque
"Money in politics is a huge issue." -Russ Feingold
"I did the 'Tonight Show' once, and I choked up. I get intimidated." -John Candy
"It's awfully easy to be in love in jail." -Dashiell Hammett
"When the American spirit was in its youth, the language of America was different: Liberty, sir, was the primary object." -Patrick Henry
"If the writing is honest it cannot be separated from the man who wrote it." -Tennessee Williams
"I never learned from a man who agreed with me." -Robert A. Heinlein
"The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions." -Alfred Adler
"Art consists of limitation. The most beautiful part of every picture is the frame." -Gilbert K. Chesterton
"In the South, you don't say exactly what's going on or what's on your mind." -Anna Camp
"I hate the polo collar." -Sean Faris
"Every writer dreams of writing a book that will touch people." -Bruce Feiler
"Oh, bird of my soul, fly away now, For I possess a hundred fortified towers." -Rumi
"I have always looked on disobedience toward the oppressive as the only way to use the miracle of having been born." -Oriana Fallaci
"One of my great passions is the collection of historical trivia." -Lynn Abbey
"To know what you know and what you do not know, that is true knowledge." -Confucius
"Power doesn't corrupt people, people corrupt power." -William Gaddis
"Americans are not saving enough for retirement." -Tammy Baldwin
"You know an odd feeling? Sitting on the toilet eating a chocolate candy bar." -George Carlin
"Don't let yesterday use up too much of today." -Will Rogers
"I think golf is literally an addiction. I'm surprised there's not Golf Anonymous." -Larry David
"If you don't get out of the box you've been raised in, you won't understand how much bigger the world is." -Angelina Jolie
"Never do anything when you are in a temper, for you will do everything wrong." -Baltasar Gracian
"In my years of acting, the one thing I was never able to do convincingly was to laugh on camera. Fake-laugh." -Paul Feig
"Everyone has a side to them that's kind of unexplained and feels misunderstood." -Kirk Hammett
"I'm getting a lot of uninteresting romantic lead guys that look good and fall in love sort of garbage." -Bobby Cannavale
"There is never jealousy where there is not strong regard." -Washington Irving
"When we're recording, I always dress up." -Britt Daniel
"It isn't the mountains ahead to climb that wear you out; it's the pebble in your shoe." -Muhammad Ali
"The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age." -Lucille Ball
"Dressing up. People just don't do it anymore. We have to change that." -John Galliano
"So certainly, if we can tell evil stories to make people sick, we can also tell good myths that make them well." -Rainer Werner Fassbinder
"More than the time, it's about how you feel - you want to be strong throughout the race." -Ryan Hall
"The love of learning, the sequestered nooks, And all the sweet serenity of books." -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"It is an illusion that youth is happy, an illusion of those who have lost it." -W. Somerset Maugham
"Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced." -John Keats
"I used to work in a hospital, in a laboratory doing phlebotomy. I was a vampire." -John Edward
"With faith, discipline and selfless devotion to duty, there is nothing worthwhile that you cannot achieve." -Muhammad Ali Jinnah
"You can't stay in your corner of the forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes." -A. A. Milne
"Advice and consent does not mean rubber stamp in the Senate." -Patricia Ireland
"I come from the slums; I come from a hard background; I come from a poor family; and I was a soldier." -Michael Caine
"Cautious, careful people, always casting about to preserve their reputations... can never effect a reform." -Susan B. Anthony
"Driven by the forces of love, the fragments of the world seek each other so that the world may come to being." -Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
"Stay on top of your finances. Don't leave that up to others." -Leif Garrett
"Sometimes you try to help people, and it backfires on you, and then they try to take advantage of you." -Bill Cosby
"We were both in love with him. I fell out of love with him, but he didn't." -Zsa Zsa Gabor
"I don't like sitting at a table that's too large, where everyone is too far apart. That's a party killer." -Ina Garten
"All differences in this world are of degree, and not of kind, because oneness is the secret of everything." -Swami Vivekananda
"In an ideological age, diplomacy may seem weak and prosaic. But sometimes it is all we have." -Noah Feldman
"But with writing, all you need is a pad of paper." -Scott Caan
"Facts are God's arguments; we should be careful never to misunderstand or pervert them." -Tryon Edwards
"Don't have sex man. It leads to kissing and pretty soon you have to start talking to them." -Steve Martin
"Each one of us has the power to be the change we want to see in the world, making the world a better place." -Naveen Jain
"You can have everything in life you want, if you will just help other people get what they want." -Zig Ziglar
"Whether women are better than men I cannot say - but I can say they are certainly no worse." -Golda Meir
"Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference." -Winston Churchill
"To be a good loser is to learn how to win." -Carl Sandburg
"Opera is credible drama now, and it costs less than going to a football match. What have you got to lose?" -Lesley Garrett
"I never expect to see a perfect work from an imperfect man." -Alexander Hamilton
"If only Tammy knew how much I really cared about her. She has nothing to do with any of this mess." -Jessica Hahn
"Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired." -Robert Frost
"The body needs food, warmth and water, but your heart needs more." -Claire Cameron
"I'm just a lucky slob from Ohio who happened to be in the right place at the right time." -Clark Gable
"I mean, who wants to live waking up... at least I don't want to live waking up everyday about revenge." -Mitchell Baker
"Flatter not thyself in thy faith in God if thou hast not charity for thy neighbor." -Francis Quarles
"Living is a constant process of deciding what we are going to do." -Jose Ortega y Gasset
"I love the idea of writing these huge, bombastic characters; I'll stay in the superhero world as long as I can." -Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa
"Nothing that is worth doing can be achieved in a lifetime; therefore we must be saved by hope." -Reinhold Niebuhr
"It takes one person to forgive, it takes two people to be reunited." -Lewis B. Smedes
"My favorite teams are the Dallas Cowboys and the New York Jets." -Bridget Hall
"I put my heart and my soul into my work, and have lost my mind in the process." -Vincent Van Gogh
"What I learned about acting is that you become the character, like I became 'Timothy Green.'" -CJ Adams
"Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea." -Robert A. Heinlein
"Mark-to-market accounting is like crack. Don't do it." -Andrew Fastow
"I question: do we really understand the differences between modernist and postmodernist?" -Kathy Acker
"Welcome anything that comes to you, but do not long for anything else." -Andre Gide
"Seek always for the answer within. Be not influenced by those around you, by their thoughts or their words." -Eileen Caddy
"I can say, Christ has been my only object; thank God, my righteousness too... Hold fast to Christ." -John Nelson Darby
"The wise are above books." -Samuel Daniel
"Each of my records has a different focus, a different theme." -Mark Edwards
"I'm learning to deal with my loneliness because then nobody can muck me around any more." -Amanda Eliasch
"I don't think God's through with me." -John Edwards
"In this game of baseball, you live by the sword and die by it. You hit and get hit. Remember that." -Alvin Dark
"O man you are busy working for the world, and the world is busy trying to turn you out." -Abu Bakr
"I am not proposing to seek your votes because there is a blue sky ahead today." -James Callaghan
"You will find in politics that you are much exposed to the attribution of false motive. Never complain and never explain." -Stanley Baldwin
"The key to success is to focus our conscious mind on things we desire not things we fear." -Brian Tracy
"Everything that is done in the world is done by hope." -Martin Luther
"By doubting we are led to question, by questioning we arrive at the truth." -Peter Abelard
"I'd love to do an action movie. Something with lots of stunts. Anything fast and dangerous and involving guns." -Hayley Atwell
"August, the summer's last messenger of misery, is a hollow actor." -Henry Rollins
"Every human is an artist. And this is the main art that we have: the creation of our story." -Miguel Angel Ruiz
"I don't have to be glamorous all the time." -Kimberly Elise
"One of the nicest things about NBC is that Tom Brokaw is not Dan Rather." -Michael Gartner
"If you aren't in the moment, you are either looking forward to uncertainty, or back to pain and regret." -Jim Carrey
"While the Bible's account of the flood is one of judgment, it is also one of mercy and salvation." -Ken Ham
"Simplicity in character, in manners, in style; in all things the supreme excellence is simplicity." -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"I'm a TV junkie." -Shannon Elizabeth
"The crisis of today is the joke of tomorrow." -H. G. Wells
"No greater problem is presented to the human mind." -Annie Jump Cannon
"I believe our biggest issue is the same biggest issue that the whole world is facing, and that's habitat destruction." -Steve Irwin
"My mum actually gave up work to look after my child, which is so touching." -Jamelia
"It is human nature to think wisely and act in an absurd fashion." -Anatole France
"If my books can help children become readers, then I feel I have accomplished something important." -Roald Dahl
"We carry our homes within us which enables us to fly." -John Cage
"Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first." -Mark Twain
"It is impossible, in our condition of Society, not to be sometimes a Snob." -William Makepeace Thackeray
"I love music of all kinds, but there's no greater music than the sound of my grandchildren laughing; my kids, too." -Sylvia Earle
"But, we didn't have all the media that we do today." -Wanda Jackson
"Friendship improves happiness and abates misery, by the doubling of our joy and the dividing of our grief." -Marcus Tullius Cicero
"The prayers of a lover are more imperious than the menaces of the whole world." -George Sand
"A good neighbor is a fellow who smiles at you over the back fence, but doesn't climb over it." -Arthur Baer
"I listen to Lil Wayne, and then I listen to Merle Haggard." -Tyler Farr
"Incredible that liberals aren't more concerned about the monopoly of information in South Dakota." -Laura Ingraham
"There's more at risk in what happens in Microsoft than I could ever bet on a poker table." -David Einhorn
"French are what they are without excusing themselves to be." -Simon Baker
"There's no such thing as an absolute openness. Openness is relative, I think, in all societies." -Peter Eisenman
"If I would go up on a high note, Eddie would want a low one. That's how petty the situation had become." -Sammy Hagar
"Nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program." -Milton Friedman
"In the U.S., you have to be a deviant or die of boredom." -William S. Burroughs
"Most films are written and made with a hero around 35, or even 25." -Charles Dance
"Judgements prevent us from seeing the good that lies beyond appearances." -Wayne Dyer
"No matter what your choices are, you truly have no control about what people think of you." -Neve Campbell
"You know, a low budget, you have to work harder. You have to plan well; you don't have much time to rehearse." -Hector Elizondo
"Three chords and the truth - that's what a country song is." -Willie Nelson
"Money tends to make people suspicious, if there's any money floating around." -Mitchell Baker
"I want to be fearless." -Demi Lovato
"I tried to write with someone else once before, but it was not successful." -Paula Danziger
"I grew up kind of a tomboy and I used to fight with all the neighborhood boys." -Edie Falco
"To waken interest and kindle enthusiasm is the sure way to teach easily and successfully." -Tryon Edwards
"I have soundtracks for a lot of stuff." -Dave Attell
"Americans are so enamored of equality that they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom." -Alexis de Tocqueville
"I try to catch them right on the tip of his nose, because I try to punch the bone into the brain." -Mike Tyson
"Writing, to me, is simply thinking through my fingers." -Isaac Asimov
"I am a practicing Hindu and have made no secrets about it." -Tulsi Gabbard
"I can't imagine it if beauty was the only currency I used as an actress. It just doesn't interest me." -Hayley Atwell
"Music drives you. It wakes you up, it gets you pumping. And, at the end of the day, the correct tune will chill you down." -Dimebag Darrell
"I aim to please. I'm nothing if not a vaudevillian." -Craig Ferguson
"I have been known to hang out and party back in the day. I had a weekend that lasted a few years." -Vanilla Ice
"Instead of worrying about what people say of you, why not spend time trying to accomplish something they will admire." -Dale Carnegie
"If your music is great, you will have fans, not because you have spent time chatting on social media." -Bryan Adams
"The women all want to dance. I dance all night every night." -Minnesota Fats
"I'm a country bumpkin. I'm not a showgirl." -Agnetha Faltskog
"Even Castles made of sand, fall into the sea, eventually." -Jimi Hendrix
"I get called an adrenaline junkie every other minute, and I'm just fine with that." -Steve Irwin
"How paramount the future is to the present when one is surrounded by children." -Charles Darwin
"It is only prudent never to place complete confidence in that by which we have even once been deceived." -Rene Descartes
"A good leader takes a little more than his share of the blame, a little less than his share of the credit." -Arnold H. Glasow
"We die only once, and for such a long time." -Moliere
"I wish to be useful, and every kind of service necessary to the public good becomes honorable by being necessary." -Nathan Hale
"It is only losers that are prosecuted." -George Galloway
"Sex is emotion in motion." -Mae West
"The more vile the thing that's said about me, the less it affects me. It doesn't bother me at all." -Laura Ingraham
"Anyone can be confident with a full head of hair. But a confident bald man - there's your diamond in the rough." -Larry David
"My belief is that I wasn't born into Judaism by accident, and so I needed to find ways to honor that." -Ram Dass
"Do not make best friends with a melancholy sad soul. They always are heavily loaded, and you must bear half." -Francois Fenelon
"I'm always looking for films, but the horror scripts that I get tend to be very repetitive and often not that interesting." -Joe Dante
"Our duty is to believe that for which we have sufficient evidence, and to suspend our judgment when we have not." -John Lubbock
"The boughs that bear most hang lowest." -David Garrick
"'Billy Elliot' embodies the idea that anyone can achieve anything regardless of their socio-economic background." -Eric Fellner
"The purpose of torture is not getting information. It's spreading fear." -Eduardo Galeano
"The important thing is to know how to take all things quietly." -Michael Faraday
"Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without." -Confucius
"Governments never learn. Only people learn." -Milton Friedman
"There's a financial cost, but the only costs that are ever real are the costs of our soldiers." -Michael Ignatieff
"I've never turned down an autograph request. I've never not taken a picture with someone." -George Hamilton
"I have lost the freedom of not having an opinion." -Umberto Eco
"We added Medicare Part D to a system facing bankruptcy and gave no thought to means testing it." -Bob Inglis
"All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream." -Edgar Allan Poe
"It is by doubting that we come to investigate, and by investigating that we recognize the truth." -Peter Abelard
"Wars generally do not resolve the problems for which they are fought and therefore... prove ultimately futile." -Pope John Paul II
"Virtue herself is her own fairest reward." -Silius Italicus
"Always keep your smile. That's how I explain my long life." -Jeanne Calment
"Well, I always looked at Mulan as a movie about a lesbian coming out." -Harvey Fierstein
"Rock 'n Roll: The most brutal, ugly, desperate, vicious form of expression it has been my misfortune to hear." -Frank Sinatra
"I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him." -Galileo Galilei
"It is more difficult to stay on top than to get there." -Mia Hamm
"It's called a pen. It's like a printer, hooked straight to my brain." -Dale Dauten
"I did try to win a sixth, but it was not to be." -Miguel Indurain
"Character, not circumstances, makes the man." -Booker T. Washington
"Enjoy every moment: you never know when things might change." -Natalie Imbruglia
"I grew up in Minnesota. Four generations of my father's people are buried there." -Peter Agre
"I'd be prouder still to say I was Canada's 10th woman prime minister." -Kim Campbell
"For my stand-up, I always have my notebook with me and if something strikes me, I'll write it down." -Janeane Garofalo
"Power is the great aphrodisiac." -Henry A. Kissinger
"We just can't stop people from being homeless if that's their choice." -Tony Abbott
"I figure the oldies are real close to what rocking country use to be." -Wolfman Jack
"When I told my doctor I couldn't afford an operation, he offered to touch-up my X-rays." -Henny Youngman
"Everything that has existed, lingers in the Eternity." -Agatha Christie
"I'm such a chameleon. I never get bored." -Natalie Imbruglia
"In a separation it is the one who is not really in love who says the more tender things." -Marcel Proust
"I perform in the major leagues of what I do. It's incredible." -Darrell Hammond
"To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield." -Alfred Lord Tennyson
"I'm a better writer than I am a singer, and I express myself easily through writing." -Rebecca Ferguson
"I'm very passionate about what I do." -Kevyn Aucoin
"We must say that there are as many squares as there are numbers." -Galileo Galilei
"In my mind I'm a blind man doin' time." -Tupac Shakur
"We are called to be architects of the future, not its victims." -R. Buckminster Fuller
"I am quite loud and bolshie. I'm a big personality. I walk into a room, big and tall and loud." -Adele
"I was deeply uncertain of who I was and who I wanted to be. I really thought I wanted to be a much cooler guy than what I was." -Daniel Ek
"I've been fortunate and blessed to further my career in the Arena Football League, and I've had a good time doing it." -Jeff Garcia
"I'm sort of like a maniac, and I can't get out of it." -Vincent Gallo
"The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be." -Bruce Lee
"You'll be free or die!" -Harriet Tubman
"I never thought that I could reach such a high political position. But I have always been ready to serve my country." -Atifete Jahjaga
"Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get." -Dale Carnegie
"I think it's always easier to play parts that you have something concrete that you can relate to." -Hayley Atwell
"If I can't be me and be accepted and loved for that, then what's the point?" -Bronagh Gallagher
"A cloudy day is no match for a sunny disposition." -William Arthur Ward
"The most certain sign of wisdom is cheerfulness." -Michel de Montaigne
"I want to wear skinny jeans when I'm in my 70s. Why not? Who cares?" -Ewan McGregor
"The two enemies of human happiness are pain and boredom." -Arthur Schopenhauer
"Old age has its pleasures, which, though different, are not less than the pleasures of youth." -W. Somerset Maugham
"The notion of American exceptionalism is effective in part because there is little on the face of it that is offensive." -Russ Feingold
"I feel old." -Allyson Felix
"Eventually everything connects - people, ideas, objects. The quality of the connections is the key to quality per se." -Charles Eames
"I'm going to work so that it's a pure guts race at the end, and if it is, I am the only one who can win it." -Steve Prefontaine
"I don't consider myself a star." -Andres Iniesta
"If the U.N. didn't exist, we'd be inventing it right now." -Sam Farr
"I feel like soundtrack music is almost like seeing the movie again, but with my ears." -Dave Attell
"At times as a performer they segregated us in some of theatres." -Cab Calloway
"Let us not pray to be sheltered from dangers but to be fearless when facing them." -Rabindranath Tagore
"The ladies looked one another over with microscopic carelessness." -Arthur Baer
"With a suit, even if you're having a nervous breakdown, you still look like you're in charge." -Paul Feig
"I travel every single day, but I make it a point to hit the gym. I want to look good for the summer." -Pauly D
"I don't really believe in anything special, but I respect God. I go to church sometimes, but not often." -Jaye Davidson
"The worst thing I can be is the same as everybody else. I hate that." -Arnold Schwarzenegger
"Most rock journalism is people who can't write, interviewing people who can't talk, for people who can't read." -Frank Zappa
"They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself." -Andy Warhol
"Pau is one of the best big men in the game. I mean, Pau Gasol is going to be in the Hall of Fame." -Phil Jackson
"Money can't buy poverty." -Marty Feldman
"Our ability to handle life's challenges is a measure of our strength of character." -Les Brown
"From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life." -Arthur Ashe
"I just don't see myself as a travel writer. I can't. I don't." -Robyn Davidson
"No more war! Never again war! If you wish to be brothers, drop your weapons." -Pope Paul VI
"My hockey comes first compared to everything else." -Casey Eastham
"My speed is a gift from God, and I run for His glory. Whatever I do, it all comes from him." -Allyson Felix
"For a moment, nothing happened. Then, after a second or so, nothing continued to happen." -Douglas Adams
"I tried writing adult romances, but it just didn't fit my voice." -Simone Elkeles
"The difficulty about all this dying, is that you can't tell a fellow anything about it, so where does the fun come in?" -Alice James
"I wasn't born with a natural talent for songwriting." -Natalie Imbruglia
"I always look at Style.com and look at all the designers and I know all the model's names." -Elle Fanning
"Good laws make it easier to do right and harder to do wrong." -William E. Gladstone
"I should not have to prove my ethnicity to anyone. I know who I am." -Christina Aguilera
"You can have brilliant ideas, but if you can't get them across, your ideas won't get you anywhere." -Lee Iacocca
"Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself." -Desiderius Erasmus
"The fact that the internet is so active; people can now speak to me indirectly." -Randy Bachman
"I get criticized for anything I do." -Jose Canseco
"No one is rich whose expenditures exceed his means, and no one is poor whose incomings exceed his outgoings." -Thomas Chandler Haliburton
"Humanity I love you because when you're hard up you pawn your intelligence to buy a drink." -e. e. cummings
"I really enjoy finding the right word, creating a good, flowing sentence. I enjoy the rhythm of the words." -Steve Martin
"The first time I went out under the spotlight, I was proper freaked out." -Katy B
"Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed." -Jonathan Swift
"Live life to the fullest, and focus on the positive." -Matt Cameron
"The idea of allowing corporations to have unlimited influence on our democracy is very dangerous, obviously." -Russ Feingold
"And I have been able to establish this sort of decent reputation as being a decent character actor." -Vincent D'Onofrio
"Work as though you would live forever, and live as though you would die today. Go another mile!" -Og Mandino
"To gather with God's people in united adoration of the Father is as necessary to the Christian life as prayer." -Martin Luther
"Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success." -Dale Carnegie
"I don't go by the rule book... I lead from the heart, not the head." -Princess Diana
"Create your own visual style... let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others." -Orson Welles
"A chief petty officer taught me shorthand, which got me promoted to yeoman first class." -Jack Adams
"An artist is somebody who produces things that people don't need to have." -Andy Warhol
"Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up." -Robert Frost
"When I'm ready, I plan to adopt. I still believe in family." -LaToya Jackson
"Every creature is a word of God." -Meister Eckhart
"Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you." -Aldous Huxley
"Fear is proof of a degenerate mind." -Virgil
"Anywhere I see suffering, that is where I want to be, doing what I can." -Princess Diana
"A good thing never ends." -Mick Jagger
"I've been here playing against Connors and it can be very, very loud. It makes it exciting at the same time." -Stefan Edberg
"I write for the love of writing. If I never published another book, I would still be writing stories." -Christine Feehan
"I distinguish, between nationalism and patriotism." -Michael Ignatieff
"Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming." -John Wooden
"There's something about my Mexican-American heritage... I'm proud of it." -Christian Camargo
"I've certainly not got any famous people's numbers on my phone. It's just not my thing, really." -Gareth Bale
"One of the sanest, surest, and most generous joys of life comes from being happy over the good fortune of others." -Robert A. Heinlein
"I was born with success. Lucky for me I am able to handle it. Also, I damn well deserve it!" -Larry Hagman
"Is Elizabeth Taylor fat? Her favorite food is seconds." -Joan Rivers
"I'm not the smartest fellow in the world, but I can sure pick smart colleagues." -Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Anyone who has worked with me knows that I am extremely action-oriented. I'm all about making things happen." -Cindy Gallop
"I did some good things as a rookie." -Earl Campbell
"If you're a good singer, you're going to make anything sound good." -Casey Abrams
"If genetic memory or racial memory persists, is it possible that individual memory also exists from previous lives?" -Taylor Caldwell
"When I did comedy I made fun of myself. If there was a buffoon, I played the buffoon." -Sid Caesar
"David Ayer is one of the best directors I've ever worked with. He's a true man's man." -Scott Eastwood
"Failure is a word unknown to me." -Muhammad Ali Jinnah
"I had a girlfriend before I ever had a boyfriend, but it was just a phase." -Mark Gatiss
"Gods always behave like the people who make them." -Zora Neale Hurston
"We are all born mad. Some remain so." -Samuel Beckett
"I really like where Tony Robbins says that we're all hypnotized to see beauty this one specific way, and it's true." -Gwyneth Paltrow
"I'm of the opinion that life doesn't always tie up neatly at the end of the episode." -Joshua Jackson
"The debate on how to shrink the federal government is at the core of our problem of government not doing its job." -Darrell Issa
"We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same." -Anne Frank
"Life is made up of marble and mud." -Nathaniel Hawthorne
"In an ideal world, it would not take a film star to get the media focused on mental illness." -Alastair Campbell
"'Born this Way' is about being yourself, and loving who you are and being proud." -Lady Gaga
"Hear me, my chiefs! I am tired. My heart is sick and sad. From where the sun now stands, I will fight no more forever." -Chief Joseph
"I don't like jail, they got the wrong kind of bars in there." -Charles Bukowski
"We ought not to treat living creatures like shoes or household belongings, which when worn with use we throw away." -Plutarch
"The traveler sees what he sees, the tourist sees what he has come to see." -Gilbert K. Chesterton
"It's a terrific privilege to be able to see into somebody else's life." -Helen Garner
"With a recent birthday, I've been acting now for twenty years." -Thayer David
"Nothing is so unproductive as the law. It is expensive whether you win or lose." -Gilbert Parker
"'Movie 43' is about the hardest R Rated comedy ever." -Peter Farrelly
"I definitely am afraid of the dark. Somehow, in my mind I can always come up with some horrific stuff to worry about." -Joanna Garcia
"I'm not a cheater. I've never cheated in my life." -Jon Hamm
"Always do what you are afraid to do." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"I believe the most compelling explanation of Obama's actions is that he is, just like his father, an anti-colonialist." -Dinesh D'Souza
"The Internet provides a delivery system for pathological states of mind." -Phillip Adams
"Many a time freedom has been rolled back - and always for the same sorry reason: fear." -Molly Ivins
"I think as long as you're being creative and finding your own work interesting, that's all that matters." -Katy B
"I am very much a Red Sox fan; I can name you more players than you could possibly imagine. It's just part of who I am." -Bill de Blasio
"I think Delhiites know how to party, but Kolkata has people who know how to celebrate. I think that's the main difference." -Gautam Gambhir
"You know as well as I do that counterinsurgency is a very nuanced type of military operation." -John Abizaid
"Great ability develops and reveals itself increasingly with every new assignment." -Baltasar Gracian
"Do not worry about avoiding temptation. As you grow older it will avoid you." -Joey Adams
"You are always a student, never a master. You have to keep moving forward." -Conrad Hall
"Life has its own hidden forces which you can only discover by living." -Soren Kierkegaard
"All I can do is leave it in God's hands and hope that my fans feel where I'm coming from." -Aaliyah
"Youth comes but once in a lifetime." -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"Life is a lively process of becoming." -Douglas MacArthur
"I find reality television to be so delectable." -Lizzy Caplan
"The task we must set for ourselves is not to feel secure, but to be able to tolerate insecurity." -Erich Fromm
"I also spend a lot of time on political blogs, and music blogs getting things for my radio show." -Mark Edwards
"Being able to stay with a character over the course of years is a gift." -Jennifer Hale
"It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness." -Leo Tolstoy
"With relationships, I've been through a lot of different situations with different people, and I write about it." -Kat Dahlia
"Never complain and never explain." -Benjamin Disraeli
"Too many people spend money they haven't earned to buy things they don't want to impress people they don't like." -Will Rogers
"I really never thought about the way I looked until boys came into the picture." -Georgia Jagger
"Well, I am a lot like my dad, and the character of Ted is based on my dad." -Max Cannon
"For me, my life is a journey." -Jay Electronica
"I won the 2007 U.S. Open and 2009 Masters in my late 30s, largely because of my confident driving." -Angel Cabrera
"There is no sickness worse for me than words that to be kind must lie." -Aeschylus
"At a certain point, particularly in his third term, Mayor Bloomberg lost touch with the people he was serving." -Bill de Blasio
"Listen, anybody who has a film festival has the right to show what they want." -Abel Ferrara
"Today's mighty oak is just yesterday's nut, that held its ground." -David Icke
"The money is better in films and television. But in terms of acting, theatre is more rewarding." -Christopher Eccleston
"Caesar's wife must be above suspicion." -Julius Caesar
"It really is, to see that this kind of music is still so popular." -Wanda Jackson
"I tested for a couple of pilots, but they said I was too tall." -Adam Baldwin
"Admiration and familiarity are strangers." -George Sand
"I'm youth, I'm joy, I'm a little bird that has broken out of the egg." -James M. Barrie
"At 8, I made a pact with God." -Taylor Caldwell
"When I do a mask, I do try to put a lot of character and a lot of expression into the sculpt." -Rick Baker
"And one who is just of his own free will shall not lack for happiness; and he will never come to utter ruin." -Aeschylus
"I have led a pretty colorful life." -Corey Feldman
"Graphics has lately made a great shift towards machine learning, which itself is about understanding data." -Jefferson Han
"I chose to go to law school because I thought that someday, somehow I'd make a difference." -Christopher Darden
"Vote early and vote often." -Al Capone
"I hope that my family will continue in another thousand years." -Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark
"The more we have the less we own." -Meister Eckhart
"Unless we love and are loved, each of us is alone, each of us is deeply lonely." -Mortimer Adler
"I work with Garry no matter what. What I wanted to keep going was the streak." -Hector Elizondo
"I always give a lot of credit to Ronnie Dunn for making me fall in love with country music." -Brett Eldredge
"I spent several years cooking on a line." -Jose Garces
"I like to relax." -Julio Iglesias
"To bear is to conquer our fate." -Thomas Campbell
"I don't live to work; I work to live." -Noel Gallagher
"The responsibility of tolerance lies with those who have the wider vision." -George Eliot
"I'm not an inventor. I just want to make things better." -Daniel Ek
"Nobody ever defended anything successfully, there is only attack and attack and attack some more." -George S. Patton
"If I couldn't act, I'd really love to try music." -Ryan Eggold
"Supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting." -Sun Tzu
"You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however." -Richard Bach
"The art of politics consists in knowing precisely when it is necessary to hit an opponent slightly below the belt." -Konrad Adenauer
"Grades don't measure anything other than your relevant obedience to a manager." -John Taylor Gatto
"I've always been conservative. I was born that way." -Ralph Hall
"The Irish gave the bagpipes to the Scotts as a joke, but the Scotts haven't seen the joke yet." -Oliver Herford
"I did movie star impressions as a kid in high school. Somehow they just got out of hand." -Don Adams
"I'm convinced that if we don't define ourselves, other people will do it for us, and inaccurately." -Hasan M. Elahi
"History is the transformation of tumultuous conquerors into silent footnotes." -Paul Eldridge
"I mean I would still love to be in Mel Brooks' movies; he's great." -Armie Hammer
"So I was hugely thrilled that my first scene ever on camera was with Hal Holbrook." -Anthony Edwards
"I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars." -Og Mandino
"I had a very normal childhood, and my mother cooked very normal food." -Ferran Adria
"I am not interested in shooting new things - I am interested to see things new." -Ernst Haas
"I saw a woman wearing a sweatshirt with Guess on it. I said, Thyroid problem?" -Arnold Schwarzenegger
"The name Firefox is not part of the open source licence, and that's why it's important to us." -Mitchell Baker
"I think it's good to be a little more fearless in saying what you feel. In not being scared of the repercussions of that." -Oscar Isaac
"The big-budget blockbuster is becoming one of the most dependable forms of filmmaking." -Peter Jackson
"'The Next Ten Minutes' from 'The Last Five Years' is one of the most beautiful songs I've ever heard." -Jennifer Damiano
"In order to fly, all one must do is simply miss the ground." -Douglas Adams
"I'm on Twitter. I created my account for my fans, and I do respond back once in a while, because they're so great." -Taissa Farmiga
"If you catch me saying 'I am a serious actor,' I beg you to slap me." -Johnny Depp
"To be angry is to revenge the faults of others on ourselves." -Alexander Pope
"The grass is always greener around the fire hydrant." -Jeff Rich
"Fashion goes round in circles." -Siobhan Fahey
"The only thing that will redeem mankind is cooperation." -Bertrand Russell
"Medicine to produce health must examine disease; and music, to create harmony must investigate discord." -Plutarch
"Friendship may, and often does, grow into love, but love never subsides into friendship." -Lord Byron
"It's definitely a tough blow to your morale to get fired." -Nina Jacobson
"Love is always bestowed as a gift - freely, willingly and without expectation. We don't love to be loved; we love to love." -Leo Buscaglia
"The danger of the past was that men became slaves. The danger of the future is that man may become robots." -Erich Fromm
"What worries you, masters you." -John Locke
"Love and work are the cornerstones of our humanness." -Sigmund Freud
"I have to tell them that last night was a shameful train wreck filled with blind cuddly puppies." -Charlie Sheen
"I'm attracted to seeing how different I can be, pushing the boat out." -James D'arcy
"A pint of sweat, saves a gallon of blood." -George S. Patton
"October, that's when they pay off for playing ball." -Reggie Jackson
"An Indian respects a brave man, but he despises a coward." -Chief Joseph
"As we ascend the social ladder, viciousness wears a thicker mask." -Erich Fromm
"The cast was huge, but I never saw anybody." -Dennis Farina
"I lived in Paris for six months when I was sixteen. It was a fend-for-yourself environment." -Beau Garrett
"Lower taxes, less government spending on domestic programs and fewer regulations mean a better economy for everybody." -Larry Elder
"Genius creates, and taste preserves. Taste is the good sense of genius; without taste, genius is only sublime folly." -Alexander Pope
"If you have accomplished all that you have planned for yourself, you have not planned enough." -Edward Everett Hale
"For you I know I'd even try to turn the tide." -Johnny Cash
"I can't remember a time when I didn't want to be an actor. It has just always been an inevitability on some level." -Rebecca Hall
"Some people never go crazy, What truly horrible lives they must live." -Charles Bukowski
"I was a hired drummer for 3 Doors; there wasn't an opportunity for me to write." -Daniel Adair
"It is necessary that I am viewed as a product. I am a product." -Ayumi Hamasaki
"The quietness of his tone italicized the malice of his reply." -Truman Capote
"Had we known that the price that we would have to pay for this success, we never would have wanted it." -Jermaine Jackson
"Life is pain and the enjoyment of love is an anesthetic." -Cesare Pavese
"Whereas if you have a camera in the courtroom, there's no filtering. What you see is what's there." -Lance Ito
"Some people go to priests; others to poetry; I to my friends." -Virginia Woolf
"Our moral sense really evolved to bind groups together into teams that can cooperate in order to compete with other teams." -Jonathan Haidt
"Life is either a great adventure or nothing." -Helen Keller
"I think the first decade of this century is going to be remembered as a time of extremism." -David Eagleman
"You CAN have it all. You just can't have it all at once." -Oprah Winfrey
"Do countries with strong gun control laws have lower murder rates? Only if you cherry-pick the data." -Thomas Sowell
"Well, the very best operas are the ones written by the very best composers." -John Eaton
"The new limitations are the human ones of perception." -Milton Babbitt
"With renunciation life begins." -Amelia Barr
"I love accessories. I'm a girl. I love shoes. I love handbags." -Petra Ecclestone
"I'm not good at hiding my feelings. I'm also not good at lying. I'm very open about everything." -Marc Jacobs
"It is time for a New Direction for our nation's energy policies." -Lois Capps
"You cannot belong to anyone else, until you belong to yourself." -Pearl Bailey
"Chronic Lyme causes arthritis, heart problems, stroke - even death." -Daryl Hall
"Rules are for the obedience of fools and the guidance of wise men." -Douglas Bader
"It's very hard to have lived through the Sixties and not be political." -Joe Dante
"I'm single... if girls like me, hey, that's great. I think that's awesome." -Scott Eastwood
"No matter where I've been overseas, the food stinks, except in Italy." -Carmen Electra
"I don't want to be the next Michael Jordan, I only want to be Kobe Bryant." -Kobe Bryant
"Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half of the people are right more than half of the time." -E. B. White
"Compromise is the best and cheapest lawyer." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"I'd like to be an assistant producer to a reality show." -Trishelle Cannatella
"Yet consider now, whether women are not quite past sense and reason, when they want to rule over men." -John Calvin
"Racing is a great mania to which one must sacrifice everything, without reticence, without hesitation." -Enzo Ferrari
"For me, comfort is paramount." -Max Irons
"Since people are going to be living longer and getting older, they'll just have to learn how to be babies longer." -Andy Warhol
"Love is the attempt to form a friendship inspired by beauty." -Marcus Tullius Cicero
"There are no problems we cannot solve together, and very few that we can solve by ourselves." -Lyndon B. Johnson
"It's physically and psychologically exhausting to make a film." -Guillaume Canet
"Pale Death beats equally at the poor man's gate and at the palaces of kings." -Horace
"Initial reports are encouraging. In the end of the day, it's going to be deeds, not words, that matter." -Stephen Hadley
"I love writing dialogue, and I think a lot of my writing is visual and very cinematic." -Jessica Hagedorn
"To find out what one is fitted to do, and to secure an opportunity to do it, is the key to happiness." -John Dewey
"I love mankind; it's people I can't stand." -Charles M. Schulz
"I have great faith in fools; self-confidence my friends call it." -Edgar Allan Poe
"We will wait to see if it is a doozy before we decide how to cover it, and what it all means." -Gwen Ifill
"The power of forgiveness is huge; it is really big, and it can save this world." -Immaculee Ilibagiza
"I am always looking for a cool tee shirt; maybe one with a rock band or an old advertisement." -Bridget Hall
"I'm not a judgmental person, so I can't comment on someone else's background." -Christina Aguilera
"Everyone has a past, and the downside to my life is that the past gets dragged up." -Tamara Ecclestone
"You can't applaud a referee." -Alex Ferguson
"I also read modern novels - I have just had to read 60 as I am one of the judges for the Orange Fiction Prize." -Kate Adie
"I don't think I really have a talent for movie acting." -Alec Baldwin
"I've set the bar quite high in terms of storytelling." -E. L. James
"My greatest strength is common sense. I'm really a standard brand - like Campbell's tomato soup or Baker's chocolate." -Katharine Hepburn
"I'm a complete and utter busker." -Bryan Adams
"There is nothing more miserable in the world than to arrive in paradise and look like your passport photo." -Erma Bombeck
"Great dreams of great dreamers are always transcended." -A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
"Power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely." -Lord Acton
"To be a Christian without prayer is no more possible than to be alive without breathing." -Martin Luther
"I think it pisses God off if you walk by the color purple in a field somewhere and don't notice it." -Alice Walker
"My grandmother is over eighty and still doesn't need glasses. Drinks right out of the bottle." -Henny Youngman
"I'm a dilettante. My governing word is 'curiosity.'" -Ian Hacking
"Love takes up where knowledge leaves off." -Thomas Aquinas
"There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact." -Arthur Conan Doyle
"I'm bisexual." -Dan Farmer
"The Olympics show that your dream can come true if you work hard. It's not impossible." -Jencarlos Canela
"Beware of the person of one book." -Thomas Aquinas
"Climb the mountains and get their good tidings." -John Muir
"At the end of the day, I want the music industry to be larger than what it is today." -Daniel Ek
"I'm not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I'm not dumb... and I also know that I'm not blonde." -Dolly Parton
"It's a rather rude gesture, but at least it's clear what you mean." -Katharine Hepburn
"Promises are like crying babies in a theater, they should be carried out at once." -Norman Vincent Peale
"Somebody will always break your records. It is how you live that counts." -Earl Campbell
"Facts are stupid until brought into connection with some general law." -Louis Agassiz
"If you're an actress, you're always on one diet or another - it's a way of life." -Leigh-Allyn Baker
"At an everyday level I would reckon myself more than fortunate." -Peter Garrett
"Liberty is the prevention of control by others." -John Acton
"You don't have to do everything from scratch. Nobody wants to make puff pastry!" -Ina Garten
"Hope in reality is the worst of all evils because it prolongs the torments of man." -Friedrich Nietzsche
"May you live all the days of your life." -Jonathan Swift
"I judge preschool teachers and actresses shamelessly. The first five minutes I meet them." -Diane Farr
"The eyes of others our prisons; their thoughts our cages." -Virginia Woolf
"Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know." -Ernest Hemingway
"I'm going to have to pick my shots and play great tennis." -Andre Agassi
"I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity." -Edgar Allan Poe
"I wear a lot of black, but not in the goth way, I just really love black. I'll never be in pink or purples." -Kimberly Caldwell
"Our focus is on outputs rather than inputs." -Stephen Cambone
"Football isn't a contact sport, it's a collision sport. Dancing is a contact sport." -Duffy Daugherty
"Strength and growth come only through continuous effort and struggle." -Napoleon Hill
"Our abode in this world is transitory, our life therein is but a loan, our breaths are numbered and our indolence is manifest." -Abu Bakr
"If isolation tempers the strong, it is the stumbling-block of the uncertain." -Paul Cezanne
"I feel equal parts lucky and scared anytime I get a job." -Jesse Eisenberg
"Hollywood can be an ugly place and it can do ugly things to you." -Kelli Garner
"You can't argue with stupidity." -Jermaine Jackson
"Tears are the silent language of grief." -Voltaire
"One is loved because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving." -Paulo Coelho
"It is no good to try to stop knowledge from going forward. Ignorance is never better than knowledge." -Enrico Fermi
"You think dogs will not be in heaven? I tell you, they will be there long before any of us." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"I do games of solitaire when I get home to quiet my spirits." -Tyne Daly
"I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter." -Walt Disney
"The rare case where the conquered is very satisfied with the conqueror." -Konrad Adenauer
"I've learned that to expose yourself, to reveal yourself is a test of your humanness." -Isabelle Adjani
"Imposing democracy through force is a roll of the dice." -Chuck Hagel
"I hope to actually get back to painting someday... soon. I sort of transitioned into cartooning from painting." -Max Cannon
"A budget tells us what we can't afford, but it doesn't keep us from buying it." -William Feather
"When you make the sacrifice in marriage, you're sacrificing not to each other but to unity in a relationship." -Joseph Campbell
"I'm so good and so loving that men don't believe it." -Brenda Fassie
"I wasn't the one managing my career back then, that was the problem - I was 14 years old." -Leif Garrett
"If you do something that you're not genuinely passionate about, it is a little soul-crushing. Just not worth it." -Claire Danes
"Freedom is the emancipation from the arbitrary rule of other men." -Mortimer Adler
"I am not a lover of Israel, of course. I have no reason to be. But I don't hate Jews." -Mahmoud Darwish
"As a scientist leading a funding agency for autism research, I think of autism as a neurodevelopmental disorder." -Thomas R. Insel
"I'm a sucker for any guy with an accent with any kind." -Janeane Garofalo
"Fame is the thirst of youth." -Lord Byron
"Seemed to me that drumming was the best way to get close to God." -Lionel Hampton
"My great-great-grandfather Julius founded the Communist Party in New York." -Armie Hammer
"The word 'happiness' would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness." -Carl Jung
"I wish Frank Sinatra would just shut up and sing." -Lauren Bacall
"New Yorkers are stuck in a gloomy mucilage of mutual commiseration." -Herb Caen
"It is the fine excesses of life that make it worth living." -Richard Le Gallienne
"Enslave the liberty of but one human being and the liberties of the world are put in peril." -William Lloyd Garrison
"Most women set out to try to change a man, and when they have changed him they do not like him." -Marlene Dietrich
"Throughout the centuries there were men who took first steps, down new roads, armed with nothing but their own vision." -Ayn Rand
"If suffering brings wisdom, I would wish to be less wise." -William Butler Yeats
"Man's ultimate concern must be expressed symbolically, because symbolic language alone is able to express the ultimate." -Paul Tillich
"The fact is that we take music very seriously." -Peter Garrett
"Poetry is the rhythmical creation of beauty in words." -Edgar Allan Poe
"I think for such a long time people had this misconception of who I was and what I was about." -Adrienne Bailon
"I need my career. That's what validates me." -Anita Baker
"I am not unhappy that my contribution was not recognized. I am sure it helped my career." -John Cameron
"Pretend inferiority and encourage his arrogance." -Sun Tzu
"We always project into the future or reflect in the past, but we are so little in the present." -Marina Abramovic
"I try to keep my head on straight and take nothing for granted." -Anna Faris
"All loose things seem to drift down to the sea, and so did I." -Louis L'Amour
"It is divinity that shapes, not only your ends, but also your acts, your words and thoughts." -Swami Sivananda
"To one extent, if you've seen one city slum, you've seen them all." -Spiro T. Agnew
"Without an advocate for the poor, without a new state of mind in America, the country lies on the brink of anarchy." -Louis Farrakhan
"I believe I am more intelligent than the average person." -Mario Balotelli
"I'm a real simple person. I believe that the Bible means what it says, and says what it means." -Tammy Faye Bakker
"The fate of love is that it always seems too little or too much." -Amelia Barr
"Do not speak of your happiness to one less fortunate than yourself." -Plutarch
"I wish I were with some of the wild people that run in the woods, and know nothing about accomplishments!" -Joanna Baillie
"Turkey does not have an official exchange rate target." -Ali Babacan
"The average person's ear weighs what you are, not what you were." -Francis Quarles
"Everyone is treating it like a Hollywood story. In Madison, it's a neighborhood story." -Chris Farley
"I never worry about diets. The only carrots that interest me are the number you get in a diamond." -Mae West
"I am prepared to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter." -Winston Churchill
"Beautiful? It's all a question of luck. I was born with good legs. As for the rest... beautiful, no. Amusing, yes." -Josephine Baker
"I was traveling on our tour bus through Europe and I was thinking I want to have long blonde hair." -Nina Hagen
"The orthodox Jewish faith practically excludes woman from religious life." -Abraham Cahan
"I've come to the conclusion that it's not really possible to help others." -Paul Cezanne
"In winter, I plot and plan. In spring, I move." -Henry Rollins
"The first and simplest emotion which we discover in the human mind, is curiosity." -Edmund Burke
"Don't go in and tell somebody else how to run their business." -Carl Icahn
"Women want honesty but sometimes get upset if you are honest, so you need to know when to be honest." -George Hamilton
"Performance is something we all strive to be better at. I'm no different than that. Who wants to look bad?" -Kevin Garnett
"I lie around and play guitar, that's something I do for sure. In fact that's all I do, I think." -Evan Dando
"Facts are many, but the truth is one." -Rabindranath Tagore
"I may be able to spot arrowheads on the desert but a refrigerator is a jungle in which I am easily lost." -Edward T. Hall
"It wasn't until 'Thor' that I started lifting weights. It was all pretty new to me." -Chris Hemsworth
"Show respect to all people, but grovel to none." -Tecumseh
"Have I been wiretapped? Yes. But who they said wiretapped me was incorrect." -Farrah Fawcett
"Disease is the retribution of outraged Nature." -Hosea Ballou
"I think I'll give it up, the fantasy is over, I wanted to play Spiderman, Peter Parker." -George Eads
"I think you can feel the pain I've experienced in my music. It's something that a lot of people can relate to." -Blu Cantrell
"Mother Nature comes up against reality, and the reality is that the system doesn't work." -John Garamendi
"The way to become rich is to put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket." -Andrew Carnegie
"No one can lie, no one can hide anything, when he looks directly into someone's eyes." -Paulo Coelho
"I don't believe that you have to be a cow to know what milk is." -Ann Landers
"As an actor, you're never busy enough." -Bryan Callen
"Affection is responsible for nine-tenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives." -C. S. Lewis
"To use the power of the bison, I had to perform that part of my vision for the people to see." -Black Elk
"Truth uttered before its time is always dangerous." -Mencius
"I miss animation very passionately. Not continuously, but every once in a while I would die to do another film." -Ralph Bakshi
"Basically, I'm a shy human being. Very introverted." -George Hamilton
"Focus 90% of your time on solutions and only 10% of your time on problems." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
"I abhor a hoe. I am fond of flowers but not of dirt, and had rather buy them than cultivate them." -Lyman Abbott
"A woman with organizing skills can run a construction company without ever picking up a hammer and nail." -Warren Farrell
"He knew the lie of silence to be as evil as the lie of speech." -Gilbert Parker
"The nice thing about being a celebrity is that, if you bore people, they think it's their fault." -Henry A. Kissinger
"A man's opinion is in others; his being is in himself." -Joseph Hall
"I wasn't aware that Track Records were interested in the Bonzos." -Neil Innes
"On the contrary, woman is the best equipped fighting machine that ever went to battle." -Richard Le Gallienne
"To me, length is an artificial and arbitrary factor in a film." -Frank Darabont
"Our goal is to make Maine the healthiest state in the nation and reduce our overall health care costs." -John Baldacci
"In basic training we had been told to watch out for Japanese spies." -Jack Adams
"If you even dream of beating me you'd better wake up and apologize." -Muhammad Ali
"Love: A temporary insanity curable by marriage." -Ambrose Bierce
"Don't be humble... you're not that great." -Golda Meir
"I couldn't comprehend a 35-year-old woman gravitating toward a 70-year-old man." -Eric Dane
"Through the small tall bathroom window the December yard is gray and scratchy, the tree calligraphic." -Dave Eggers
"The younger generation gives me more respect than I could ever hope for." -Daryl Hall
"Every age has its happiness and troubles." -Jeanne Calment
"Love is the expansion of two natures in such fashion that each include the other, each is enriched by the other." -Felix Adler
"The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid." -Jane Austen
"What I say is that, if a fellow really likes potatoes, he must be a pretty decent sort of fellow." -A. A. Milne
"A hero is someone who understands the responsibility that comes with his freedom." -Bob Dylan
"Of course, my motto is still, 'Work is work, private is private.'" -Ayumi Hamasaki
"You know, Taylor Lautner, with a body like that, he should be taking his shirt off. For me, it's not so essential." -Max Irons
"Relegating women to second-class citizenship was abolished when Jesus died on the cross." -Tony Campolo
"I thought how unpleasant it is to be locked out; and I thought how it is worse, perhaps, to be locked in." -Virginia Woolf
"Put your mind on the gospel. And remember - there's one God for all." -Mahalia Jackson
"Everyone who wants to do good to the human race always ends in universal bullying." -Aldous Huxley
"You can educate yourself right out of a relationship with God." -Tammy Faye Bakker
"If you meet the Buddha in the lane, feed him the ball." -Phil Jackson
"I just enjoy both working and not working." -Willie Nelson
"Before 'Fringe' I was in 'Dirty Sexy Money' playing Jeremy Darling who was this bratty New York socialite." -Seth Gabel
"The action genre is not always the most synonymous with character development." -Eric Dane
"I do think it's important, if you're going to be very creative, to be a seeker." -Walter Isaacson
"In law a man is guilty when he violates the rights of others. In ethics he is guilty if he only thinks of doing so." -Immanuel Kant
"No worse fate can befall a young man or woman than becoming prematurely entrenched in prudence and negation." -Knut Hamsun
"I only record songs that I really like and believe in and can sing with conviction." -Trace Adkins
"The platform of an Ethical Society is itself the altar; the address must be the fire that burns thereon." -Felix Adler
"All the forces in the world are not so powerful as an idea whose time has come." -Victor Hugo
"When the traveler goes alone he gets acquainted with himself." -Liberty Hyde Bailey
"Expect the best, Prepare for the worst." -Muhammad Ali Jinnah
"Drink! for you know not whence you came nor why: drink! for you know not why you go, nor where." -Omar Khayyam
"I acted my heart out." -F. Murray Abraham
"I like horses!" -Jeremy Irvine
"Two of my favorite things are my steering wheel and my Remington rifle." -Dale Earnhardt
"The will to work of everyone in the country is the best guarantee of national survival." -Bhumibol Adulyadej
"You have to work very hard behind the scenes, to make a message clear enough for a lot of people to understand." -Stefano Gabbana
"Silence is a true friend who never betrays." -Confucius
"I love playing bass. It's mostly what I play in Divine Fits." -Britt Daniel
"My mama always used to tell me: 'If you can't find somethin' to live for, you best find somethin' to die for.'" -Tupac Shakur
"There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship." -Thomas Aquinas
"My father was an agnostic." -Jerry Falwell
"There have been man-on-the-street interviews for years, but insulting people is not that funny to me." -Billy Eichner
"I love to put on diamonds and beautiful evening gowns and make my girl-friends upset." -Zsa Zsa Gabor
"Each time I've gone to the studio, the songs have got better and I've got more confident." -Natasha Hamilton
"An idea not coupled with action will never get any bigger than the brain cell it occupied." -Arnold H. Glasow
"People think that if they read something in the newspaper or see it on TV, it has to be true." -Tammy Faye Bakker
"Persistence is to the character of man as carbon is to steel." -Napoleon Hill
"We should not have a petty regard for God's gifts, though we may and should despise our own imperfections." -Saint Ignatius
"I love Mexican food, and there's a really good restaurant called El Parador that I love." -Jacquelyn Jablonski
"I don't have a good work ethic. I have a real casual relationship with hours." -Janeane Garofalo
"Only trust thyself, and another shall not betray thee." -William Penn
"Fear not, we are of the nature of the lion, and cannot descend to the destruction of mice and such small beasts." -Elizabeth I
"I get to focus on being a musician sometimes, and I get to focus on being a vocalist sometimes." -Britt Daniel
"Here, sir, the people govern; here they act by their immediate representatives." -Alexander Hamilton
"The next time you have a thought... let it go." -Ron White
"For me, I want my kids to find their way. If they're interested in something, I want them to try it out." -Chris Daughtry
"A sorrow's crown of sorrow is remembering happier times." -Alfred Lord Tennyson
"I'm an actor and this is a role I'm playing. But people can get wacky." -Dean Cain
"Sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast." -Lewis Carroll
"Sincerity makes the very least person to be of more value than the most talented hypocrite." -Charles Spurgeon
"To profit from good advice requires more wisdom than to give it." -Wilson Mizner
"Nonviolence is a flop. The only bigger flop is violence." -Joan Baez
"Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness." -Euripides
"Always the beautiful answer who asks a more beautiful question." -e. e. cummings
"I'm not at all competitive. I'd rather play Solitaire than ping-pong." -Johnny Galecki
"Death is a challenge. It tells us not to waste time... It tells us to tell each other right now that we love each other." -Leo Buscaglia
"The highest result of education is tolerance." -Helen Keller
"Any horror element is as much psychological as special effects." -Christopher Eccleston
"Events in the past may be roughly divided into those which probably never happened and those which do not matter." -William Ralph Inge
"But then you have to write a song, so at that point, I picked up the reins and started to write lyrics." -Jim Capaldi
"Experience is what you have after you've forgotten her name." -Milton Berle
"Be wisely worldly, but not worldly wise." -Francis Quarles
"My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me." -Winston Churchill
"I think compassion is an important quality in people in general." -Shannon Elizabeth
"True champions aren't always the ones that win, but those with the most guts." -Mia Hamm
"When you're on book tours, you definitely need chocolate. At all times." -Lisa Gardner
"Since I was a little kid, I was against fur. I never wore fur in my life." -Elisabetta Canalis
"Later, I could take something off my slider and I could make my fastball sink, so I really had four pitches." -Dennis Eckersley
"I can't wait to get home and wash all those socks." -Julianne Moore
"Well, I'm about as tall as a shotgun, and just as noisy." -Truman Capote
"China should be another United States from an economic standpoint. Beijing should be another Silicon Valley." -Marc Andreesen
"Down on your knees, and thank heaven, fasting, for a good man's love." -Euripides
"Books can now be on the stands within days from delivery of a formatted manuscript, and often are." -Bruce Jackson
"In France, you're with the crew, and you have lunch with them. It's more like a family." -Charlotte Gainsbourg
"I love to continue acting. It's my passion." -Britt Robertson
"I love the relays. Track is such an individual sport, so it's fun to do something together." -Allyson Felix
"I loved Elijah Muhammad with a love that I can't adequately describe." -Louis Farrakhan
"Psychiatrists don't solve anything from one day to the next." -Victoria Abril
"What sculpture is to a block of marble, education is to the soul." -Joseph Addison
"Things don't have to change the world to be important." -Steve Jobs
"If it's free, it's advice; if you pay for it, it's counseling; if you can use either one, it's a miracle." -Jack Adams
"Let the gentle bush dig its root deep and spread upward to split the boulder." -Carl Sandburg
"I had a ninth grade teacher who told me I was much smarter and much better than I was allowing myself to be." -Scott Hamilton
"The only person who can, with impunity, make the movie he wants to make, has got to be Steven Spielberg." -Frank Darabont
"If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. And if they don't, they never were." -Khalil Gibran
"If you learn how to forgive others for not being strong, then people can learn how to forgive you for your own issues." -T. D. Jakes
"I love Japan, and Tokyo is my favorite city." -Barry Eisler
"When trouble comes, focus on God's ability to care for you." -Charles Stanley
"There are many things that I feel I have missed out on." -Amitabh Bachchan
"The most powerful force ever known on this planet is human cooperation - a force for construction and destruction." -Jonathan Haidt
"You cannot create experience. You must undergo it." -Albert Camus
"I hate stuff in my pockets, can't stand it. I'll carry stuff in my hands rather than put it in my pockets." -Grant Achatz
"What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?" -Robert H. Schuller
"Insomnia is a gross feeder. It will nourish itself on any kind of thinking, including thinking about not thinking." -Clifton Fadiman
"People often grudge others what they cannot enjoy themselves." -Aesop
"Good servants frequently make good masters." -Jupiter Hammon
"My favourite dance is the Foxtrot. It's a proper dance with proper music. It has class." -Anton du Beke
"I have no desire to go in for tyranny or to play the part of King Charles. I hate tyranny in any field of human activity." -Charles Edison
"Socialism means slavery." -Lord Acton
"My next step must be to go to drama school. Well, I get into drama school, so I did that." -Jeremy Irons
"I am impelled, not to squeak like a grateful and apologetic mouse, but to roar like a lion out of pride in my profession." -John Steinbeck
"All I want is for people not to see me as this cartoon monster." -Jack Abramoff
"Without labor nothing prospers." -Sophocles
"I don't think of myself as a director or writer. I think of myself as a filmmaker." -Conrad Hall
"No one means all he says, and yet very few say all they mean, for words are slippery and thought is viscous." -Henry Adams
"I am sure that if the mothers of various nations could meet, there would be no more wars." -E. M. Forster
"The most worth-while thing is to try to put happiness into the lives of others." -Robert Baden-Powell
"I am allergic highly to the sun; that's my worst enemy." -Trick Daddy
"Early Bluegrass is my favorite kind of music, not to many people know that." -John Fahey
"I love 'Project Runway' because I can really be of help to an industry and I can be supportive to designers." -Nina Garcia
"We always want to live in an environment where there's no artificial block to good work." -Chiwetel Ejiofor
"We really need to get over this love affair with the fetus and start worrying about children." -Joycelyn Elders
"All of my characters have a glint of madness." -Nicolas Cage
"It was so quiet, you could hear a pun drop." -Arthur Baer
"The writer Richard Curtis is a genius." -Eric Fellner
"The human heart, at whatever age, opens only to the heart that opens in return." -Maria Edgeworth
"I tried to play every sport. I wasn't great at most of them, but at least I tried!" -Britt Robertson
"Gene Hackman is one of the great American actors of all time." -Lane Garrison
"I'd like to direct more operas." -Simon Callow
"Realists do not fear the results of their study." -Fyodor Dostoevsky
"Regardless of your support, you need to make work." -Ellen Gallagher
"A corpse is meat gone bad. Well and what's cheese? Corpse of milk." -James Joyce
"I'm a terrible dancer. The worst." -Sheena Easton
"My heart has joined the thousand, for my friend stopped running today." -Richard Adams
"I want to thank you for taking time out of your day to come and witness my hanging." -George W. Bush
"You cannot hope to sweep someone else away by the force of your writing until it has been done to you." -Stephen King
"Keep the faith, don't lose your perseverance and always trust your gut extinct." -Paula Abdul
"The one word that makes a good manager - decisiveness." -Lee Iacocca
"The aim of argument, or of discussion, should not be victory, but progress." -Joseph Joubert
"Man cannot live by bread alone; he must have peanut butter." -James A. Garfield
"Social networking helps reach people easier and quicker." -Bill Cosby
"The women's movement hasn't changed my sex life. It wouldn't dare." -Zsa Zsa Gabor
"Comedy, like sodomy, is an unnatural act." -Marty Feldman
"When a tradition gathers enough strength to go on for centuries, you don't just turn it off one day." -Chinua Achebe
"When you focus on being a blessing, God makes sure that you are always blessed in abundance." -Joel Osteen
"I like working with my hands. It feels good to build something yourself." -Scott Eastwood
"To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering." -Friedrich Nietzsche
"I was one of the many horses pulling the wagon and couldn't escape left or right because of the will of the driver." -Adolf Eichmann
"We're here to bring beauty to the world and make a difference in this planet. That's what art forms are about." -Charlie Haden
"Racial prejudice, anti-Semitism, or hatred of anyone with different beliefs has no place in the human mind or heart." -Billy Graham
"For what do we live, but to make sport for our neighbors and laugh at them in our turn?" -Jane Austen
"Acting is really only part of my life. I'm addicted to it." -Blythe Danner
"Temptation has been here ever since the Garden of Eden." -Jerry Falwell
"I think the most important thing for me in a relationship is honesty." -Zac Efron
"Revolutions are the locomotives of history." -Karl Marx
"I think as an investigative reporter I had tough standards, but I don't think of myself as a tough person." -Jill Abramson
"Carson is an old family name, though my grandma used to watch Johnny all the time and was crazy about him." -Carson Daly
"I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed." -Robert H. Schuller
"But I don't believe anyone begins a homosexual." -Jerry Falwell
"No one who is at all acquainted with the Indian in his home can deny that we are a polite people." -Charles Eastman
"I'm afraid that if you look at a thing long enough, it loses all of its meaning." -Andy Warhol
"My wife is my soul mate. I can't imagine being without her." -Matt Damon
"There are good and bad times, but our mood changes more often than our fortune." -Thomas Carlyle
"I started off wanting very much to be a newscaster." -Bob Iger
"My running style was kind of just head-on, because I couldn't dance." -Earl Campbell
"Guns are part of the American identity." -Henry Rollins
"My wife says I'm much happier when I'm not a regular on a TV show." -Alan Dale
"What do I have to cheat for? I've always been playing against people older than me anyways. So what do I have to cheat for?" -Freddy Adu
"There is something about a closet that makes a skeleton terribly restless." -Wilson Mizner
"A Green Party candidate would be very different from a Democrat or Republican and should be heard." -Peter Camejo
"Curvy is something to be proud of." -Paloma Faith
"I don't feel I made any sacrifices at all. I'm doing my best to juggle." -Aaliyah
"Be like a postage stamp. Stick to one thing until you get there." -Josh Billings
"What delights us in visible beauty is the invisible." -Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
"I'm finding that I'm working with more and more Latino artists, and that's exciting." -Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa
"You've got to be taught to hate and fear." -Oscar Hammerstein II
"When I was 17, I came to the U.S. to study Middle Eastern history and politics at Columbia University." -Julia Bacha
"To me, I think justice is part of forgiving, if it is well done with love." -Immaculee Ilibagiza
"Some people think I'm a rock 'n' roll musician and some think I'm a jazz musician but, for me, there is no difference." -Georgie Fame
"A library is not a luxury but one of the necessities of life." -Henry Ward Beecher
"Many other movies, but for me The Professionals is the best I did in Hollywood." -Claudia Cardinale
"If 'everything happens for a reason,' then every act of evil is ultimately God's doing." -Adam Hamilton
"I promised her an interesting life and good food, and the rest is history." -Bob Ehrlich
"I stand 100 percent by the truth, exactly what happened." -Jose Canseco
"The world is round so that friendship may encircle it." -Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
"I took acting lessons when I was 19, 20, and I had my writing." -Michael Ironside
"The fact is that the economy is really posed for the kind of recovery that people can see and understand." -Al D'Amato
"Today's gossip is tomorrow's headline." -Walter Winchell
"In business, the competition will bite you if you keep running, if you stand still, they will swallow you." -Victor Kiam
"Children are our future we must take care of them with maximum effort." -Naomi Campbell
"The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated." -William James
"All the sounds of the earth are like music." -Oscar Hammerstein
"I give no more paroles to British officers." -Christopher Gadsden
"I believe artists deserve all the help they can get, so they can focus on being great artists." -Janina Gavankar
"I do believe in the power of prayer." -Geraldine Ferraro
"I mean, whatever kills you kills you, and your death is authentic no matter how you die." -Jerry Garcia
"No, snakes are no problem. I'd go to any country, anywhere, any snakes, not a problem." -Steve Irwin
"See everything, overlook a great deal, correct a little." -Pope John XXIII
"If you're doing your best, you won't have any time to worry about failure." -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"Not everyone can be an orphan." -Andre Gide
"Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life." -Mark Twain
"How many husbands have I had? You mean apart from my own?" -Zsa Zsa Gabor
"Everyone must correct his own self; this is something more difficult to cope with, but it is not impossible." -Bhumibol Adulyadej
"Dakota Fanning is my favorite actress." -Elle Fanning
"I want a new contract. I'm happy at United and I see my future here." -Rio Ferdinand
"Life is settled and I'm enjoying it." -Charlie Adam
"The gratification of desire is not happiness." -Daisaku Ikeda
"That's what it is that you rehearse - the making of music, not the playing of notes as abstractions." -Sarah Caldwell
"Hypocrisy can afford to be magnificent in its promises, for never intending to go beyond promise, it costs nothing." -Edmund Burke
"I didn't feel I had to prove anything more." -Miguel Indurain
"All the soarings of my mind begin in my blood." -Rainer Maria Rilke
"Wise are they who have learned these truths: Trouble is temporary. Time is tonic. Tribulation is a test tube." -William Arthur Ward
"Industry, thrift and self-control are not sought because they create wealth, but because they create character." -Calvin Coolidge
"It's a waste of energy to think about what somebody else is doing and how they doing it. I'ma just do what I do." -DMX
"I am still an Indonesian citizen." -Sri Mulyani Indrawati
"As far as we can discern, the sole purpose of human existence is to kindle a light in the darkness of mere being." -Carl Jung
"I realize now I didn't really want to die. I just wanted to stop the hurt and pain." -LaToya Jackson
"Goodness, armed with power, is corrupted; and pure love without power is destroyed." -Reinhold Niebuhr
"The greatest gift in life is to be remembered." -Ken Venturi
"I'm pretty instinctive. I'm a quick learner." -Shannon Elizabeth
"The reason people think it's important to be white is that they think it's important not to be black." -James Baldwin
"Maybe if I could ever be a successful comedian then I could be an example that Christians can also have fun." -Victoria Jackson
"The biggest difference between England and America is that England has history, while America has geography." -Neil Gaiman
"We learn resignation not by our own suffering, but by the suffering of others." -W. Somerset Maugham
"Fill the unforgiving minute with sixty seconds worth of distance run." -Rudyard Kipling
"I won't back down. I get a satisfaction from being tested and defeating the test." -Ashton Eaton
"If we're going to run for points we need to run in the top-five every week." -Dale Earnhardt
"Love is a choice you make from moment to moment." -Barbara de Angelis
"You get a sense of how the show works and then let your personality take over." -Adam Baldwin
"Going to the movies still remains, arguably, amongst the best communal experiences that human beings can share." -Mark Canton
"I think I have between twenty and thirty commercials playing at present." -Thayer David
"Everybody is their own critic." -Gina Carano
"It is the chiefest point of happiness that a man is willing to be what he is." -Desiderius Erasmus
"Anyone who says businessmen deal in facts, not fiction, has never read old five-year projections." -Malcolm Forbes
"Price is what you pay. Value is what you get." -Warren Buffett
"Simplicity should not be identified with bareness." -Felix Adler
"The wish for healing has always been half of health." -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"Sammy and I got together and it was like we hadn't missed a beat." -Alex Van Halen
"Drawing is rather like playing chess: your mind races ahead of the moves that you eventually make." -David Hockney
"Boy bands should be exploded from a great height. They're just pretty people singing music written by others." -Eddie Izzard
"When you look into an abyss, the abyss also looks into you." -Friedrich Nietzsche
"What the caterpillar calls the end of the world the master calls a butterfly." -Richard Bach
"I love my country. And I would have to renounce my Spanish citizenship to become a U.S. Citizen." -Antonio Banderas
"Good manners sometimes means simply putting up with other people's bad manners." -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"The love which moves the world, according to common Christian belief, is God's love and the love of God." -Mortimer Adler
"Success breeds success." -Mia Hamm
"Weeds are flowers too, once you get to know them." -A. A. Milne
"When I see my mom in the stands, it always pushes me to succeed." -Ashton Eaton
"My main frustration is the fear of cancer from low dose radiation, even by radiologists." -John Cameron
"If there is no struggle, there is no progress." -Frederick Douglass
"I began seeing my wife, Kathleen, while I was undergoing treatment for prostate cancer." -Ken Venturi
"From there I did a one year theatre acting course in Fife, and then three years of drama school in London." -Ewan McGregor
"The British electors will not vote for a man who does not wear a hat." -Max Aitken
"I therefore beg that you would indulge me with the liberty of declining the arduous trust." -Christopher Gadsden
"Human beings must be known to be loved; but Divine beings must be loved to be known." -Blaise Pascal
"The family is one of nature's masterpieces." -George Santayana
"Because I don't really think of myself as a hunk, to be honest." -Hugh Dancy
"Do you know the only thing that gives me pleasure? It's to see my dividends coming in." -John D. Rockefeller
"Self-esteem is such a challenging issue for young women." -Kimberly Elise
"Yeah, that's what I'm working for. The couture house of the future." -John Galliano
"Rules and models destroy genius and art." -William Hazlitt
"And each man stands with his face in the light. Of his own drawn sword, ready to do what a hero can." -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
"I'm 53. I don't care about high school students. I find them irritating and uninformed." -Alan Ball
"Fortune's wheel never stands still the highest point is therefore the most perilous." -Maria Edgeworth
"To be able to be caught up into the world of thought - that is being educated." -Edith Hamilton
"I'm working for the women in the world, today; that's my essential issue." -Michelle Bachelet
"I think in terms of the work we're doing now a lot of the UI cleanup... I see it getting much prettier." -Shawn Fanning
"I like nonsense; it wakes up the brain cells." -Dr. Seuss
"Look for the woman in the dress. If there is no woman, there is no dress." -Coco Chanel
"But a year before that, I was starting to drink beer on the set of the film Lucas (1986)." -Corey Haim
"I never go perform somewhere alone. I've done that since day one. I've always taken other comics with me." -Gabriel Iglesias
"Having kids makes you think about the world differently." -Tony Fadell
"There was a 10- and 8-year difference between us, so my brothers were into tormenting me and I was into getting away from them." -Josh Gad
"Both my brothers became physicians and I, of course, wandered into a business where the undisciplined are welcome." -Carroll O'Connor
"It makes my heart sick when I remember all the good words and the broken promises." -Chief Joseph
"I have never been over fond of scenes anywhere." -Chris Bailey
"The Green Party represents that majority point of view within the U.S." -Peter Camejo
"I see couples fighting about the stupidest things. You just have to rise above everything." -Sammy Hagar
"I always have to have breakfast before I leave the house, even if it's 4 A.M. and I'm not hungry." -Freema Agyeman
"It is incredible to me that my Twitter feed is a source of 'news' for every rock news outlet around the world." -Sebastian Bach
"'See Spot run!' is a perfect sentence in some ways. But I doubt the critics would say it was." -Greg Iles
"Shuffling is the only thing which Nature cannot undo." -Arthur Eddington
"Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world." -Nelson Mandela
"Meditation is painful in the beginning but it bestows immortal Bliss and supreme joy in the end." -Swami Sivananda
"She was short on intellect, but long on shape." -George Ade
"Understanding the long, sordid history of gun control in America is key to understanding the dangers of disarming." -Niger Innis
"In my writing, as much as I could, I tried to find the good, and praise it." -Alex Haley
"But Tammy Faye calls me, and Ron Jeremy calls me, Erik Estrada sends me a Christmas card every year." -Trishelle Cannatella
"Photography is a very important part of my life." -Conrad Hall
"When I was in college in Chicago, I was doing a lot of commercials - that was my bread and butter." -Janina Gavankar
"Only those who have learned the power of sincere and selfless contribution experience life's deepest joy: true fulfillment." -Tony Robbins
"When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading." -Henny Youngman
"Unfortunately, we force people to break the law in order to get any kind of mental health treatment." -Pete Earley
"The thing with Kerry is that all of this is a natural progression, her troubles. It's a cycle." -Laura Innes
"Well, certainly at the Golden Globes, during every commercial break everyone gets up and schmoozes with each other." -Jesse Tyler Ferguson
"My cousins gay, he went to London only to find out that Big Ben was a clock." -Rodney Dangerfield
"Art is a step from what is obvious and well-known toward what is arcane and concealed." -Khalil Gibran
"I don't believe that classical architecture is enough to engage people anymore. They say: 'So what else is new?'" -Peter Eisenman
"In the kingdom of the blind, the one-eyed man is king." -Desiderius Erasmus
"Those who stand for nothing fall for anything." -Alexander Hamilton
"What you do as a policeman might be the right thing to do, but it's not entertaining. I left that behind me." -Dennis Farina
"If I were president of the United States, I would include Moslems in my presidency." -Jerry Falwell
"Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes." -Jim Carrey
"In the night of death, hope sees a star, and listening love can hear the rustle of a wing." -Robert Green Ingersoll
"I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I intended to be." -Douglas Adams
"The urge to save humanity is almost always a false front for the urge to rule." -H. L. Mencken
"Democratic forms of government are vulnerable to mass prejudice, the so-called tyranny of the majority." -Maggie Gallagher
"The way to a woman's heart is through your wallet." -Frank Dane
"I have a strong emotional respect for Steve." -Walter Isaacson
"Do I support the idea of gay marriage? No, I don't." -Kirk Cameron
"If I had to think where I could live if not Moscow, London would be my first choice and second would be New York." -Roman Abramovich
"Music creates a certain mood and then people dress accordingly. I think it's all quite closely intertwined." -Georgia Jagger
"Definitely not a sitcom, that's my first condition. No sitcoms." -Hector Elizondo
"A government that robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul." -George Bernard Shaw
"Always educate yourself." -Donovan Bailey
"I get a lot of abuse on Twitter. It's mostly homophobic, but what can you do? I just either ignore it or laugh." -Clare Balding
"Trivializing the Holocaust is the last thing I want to do." -Hans Haacke
"I'm really sarcastic. Not Morgan Webb sarcastic. She's dry, 100%. I'm different from her." -Olivia Munn
"I went to a fight the other night, and a hockey game broke out." -Rodney Dangerfield
"The heart has its reasons of which reason knows nothing." -Blaise Pascal
"There is nothing so skillful in its own defense as imperious pride." -Helen Hunt Jackson
"Can't disagree with the need for a grasp of history." -Gwen Ifill
"We are all born for love. It is the principle of existence, and its only end." -Benjamin Disraeli
"The Lord taught me to love everybody, but the last ones I learned to love were the sportswriters." -Alvin Dark
"Diversity: the art of thinking independently together." -Malcolm Forbes
"I'm guessing the stress of having to write for a deadline can be inspiring. Sometimes, pressure is good." -Timothy Dalton
"The secret of genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age, which mean never losing your enthusiasm." -Aldous Huxley
"Part of the scientific temperament is this tolerance for holding multiple hypotheses in mind at the same time." -David Eagleman
"Art is never finished, only abandoned." -Leonardo da Vinci
"If I'm going to play, it's going to be 100-percent commitment." -Brett Favre
"I never wear sneakers. I don't feel comfortable in them." -Max Irons
"A leader must have the courage to act against an expert's advice." -James Callaghan
"I just want to be happy. You know what I'm saying? I just want to be happy, and I want to be able to make somebody else happy." -Sean Combs
"In the arithmetic of love, one plus one equals everything, and two minus one equals nothing." -Mignon McLaughlin
"Don't talk about yourself; it will be done when you leave." -Wilson Mizner
"I want someone who can keep me on my toes, has a good sense of humor and a good heart." -Carmen Electra
"Whenever a toddler sees a pile of blocks, he wants to tear it down." -J. J. Abrams
"Heaven wheels above you, displaying to you her eternal glories, and still your eyes are on the ground." -Dante Alighieri
"By year three, you get nicer, bigger trailers." -Peter Gallagher
"Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach." -Tony Robbins
"In mathematics the art of proposing a question must be held of higher value than solving it." -Georg Cantor
"People who lead a lonely existence always have something on their minds that they are eager to talk about." -Anton Chekhov
"The truth always finds it's way out, even years and years and years later. The truth always prevails." -Tyler Hamilton
"Whatever we plant in our subconscious mind and nourish with repetition and emotion will one day become a reality." -Earl Nightingale
"I'm really a singer, so I love songs and I love singing. I like rap music, but I didn't grow up freestyling." -Billy Idol
"People tell me being a perfectionist is a fault, but I find that's what drives me." -Paula Garces
"The uniform makes for brotherhood, since when universally adopted it covers up all differences of class and country." -Robert Baden-Powell
"In this decisive hour of our national history, union means life and division means death." -Bao Dai
"Money is the sinews of love, as of war." -George Farquhar
"You know what, I'm a big coward and I'm really afraid of live audiences." -Kate Bosworth
"The future is green energy, sustainability, renewable energy." -Arnold Schwarzenegger
"The head never rules the heart, but just becomes its partner in crime." -Mignon McLaughlin
"Learning to shoot firearms to me is a little like driving stick - it seems like a decent skill to have." -Sarah Wayne Callies
"An incinerator is a writer's best friend." -Thornton Wilder
"I am not a multimillionaire. I don't own a yacht or a Ferrari. I live in a 60-square- metre flat. My needs are simple." -Ferran Adria
"Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring." -Marilyn Monroe
"If it's hard to remember, it'll be difficult to forget." -Arnold Schwarzenegger
"It takes guts to get out of the ruts." -Robert H. Schuller
"Comedy is surprise. Comedy is not something that you can, necessarily, do twice." -Bryan Callen
"They tend to come out a colour called 'Pants left in wash'" -Eddie Izzard
"It doesn't make your life stop being fun to be a Christian." -Victoria Jackson
"I think that as I continue to write, my writing I hope will become more controversial and more provocative." -Christopher Darden
"Great art is as irrational as great music. It is mad with its own loveliness." -George Jean Nathan
"My definition of a redundancy is an air-bag in a politician's car." -Larry Hagman
"When I was 15 I became a full-time singer in a band. At 18 I made my first record." -Agnetha Faltskog
"Self-esteem is the greatest sickness known to man or woman because it's conditional." -Albert Ellis
"The expansion of choice has become an explosion of choice." -Sheena Iyengar
"I was very shy and somewhat awkward. I studied too hard. And to have this exciting dorm life was a whole new thing." -Nicholson Baker
"If you're not trying to be real, you don't have to get it right. That's art." -Andy Warhol
"I drink too much. The last time I gave a urine sample it had an olive in it." -Rodney Dangerfield
"Be brave, young lovers, and follow your star." -Oscar Hammerstein II
"Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow." -A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
"You have to think there's a reason for everything. When a door closes another door opens." -Chris Daughtry
"Health is not valued till sickness comes." -Thomas Fuller
"I mean I've never been thrown in jail in New York or Los Angeles." -Sebastian Bach
"If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint,' then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced." -Vincent Van Gogh
"Men scream and go crazy in the gym. I'm a silent workout partner, but when my adrenaline gets up, I talk trash." -Fergie
"Without moral and intellectual independence, there is no anchor for national independence." -David Ben-Gurion
"A law is not a law without coercion behind it." -James A. Garfield
"A baby is God's opinion that life should go on." -Carl Sandburg
"I think the reason they cast me as the good girls is because they couldn't find any in Hollywood." -Victoria Jackson
"I was always a sci-fi and fantasy geek. I was in the 'Lord of the Rings' club and all my cool friends made fun of me." -Melissa de la Cruz
"And I like pygmy goats, because they're just lovely, and ducks." -Richard Hammond
"Cars for me are like a piece of art." -Afrojack
"To push behind the dog sled and run in front of the dog sled. That was always an interesting job." -Ann Bancroft
"It's fun to be able to have a fun palate, and the way I say that, you think about it and it sounds funny, but it's true." -Joey Fatone
"Among my most prized possessions are words that I have never spoken." -Orson Scott Card
"You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." -Zig Ziglar
"I see the Internet as the next big deal - I wanted to get in on it early on so I wouldn't get behind it all." -Bruce Campbell
"It is madness for sheep to talk peace with a wolf." -Thomas Fuller
"To give without any reward, or any notice, has a special quality of its own." -Anne Morrow Lindbergh
"Democracy makes us articulate our views, defend them, and refine them." -Lee H. Hamilton
"I'm a very ritualistic, routine-oriented person, and I discovered over the years that I love working Monday through Friday." -Edie Falco
"I once tried to raise two tomato plants, and they died in spite of the fact I fertilized them every morning. Duh." -Clyde Edgerton
"Nowadays you can go anywhere in the world in a few hours, and nothing is fabulous any more." -Roald Dahl
"I'm continuing to produce and will start a new record soon, as well." -Kenneth Edmonds
"Immature love says: 'I love you because I need you.' Mature love says 'I need you because I love you.'" -Erich Fromm
"A man can get discouraged many times but he is not a failure until he begins to blame somebody else and stops trying." -John Burroughs
"A manager is responsible for the application and performance of knowledge." -Peter Drucker
"A hair divides what is false and true." -Omar Khayyam
"Being on the road is kind of lonely." -Dave Attell
"The dirty little secret about adventure writing is that something has to go wrong." -Tim Cahill
"If Confucius wasn't born, the long night would have no bright lamp." -Mencius
"My parents had a difficult divorce." -Christian Camargo
"Memories of our lives, of our works and our deeds will continue in others." -Rosa Parks
"I do like to keep mementos from my work, whether they be photos, the backs of make-up chairs or even props and clothes." -Adam Garcia
"Sometimes, poor people don't smell too good, so love can have no nose." -Tammy Faye Bakker
"I really, really love being a mum and I absolutely love being a singer so I couldn't be happier." -Jamelia
"Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger. You see, one can only be angry with those he respects." -Richard M. Nixon
"Leadership is particularly necessary to ensure ready acceptance of the unfamiliar and that which is contrary to tradition." -Cyril Falls
"Telegraphs are machines for conveying information over extensive lines with great rapidity." -Charles Babbage
"I don't know if I want to be a big star though." -Darrell Hammond
"One man cannot hold another man down in the ditch without remaining down in the ditch with him." -Booker T. Washington
"Now, personally, I like a car with some sort of character." -Richard Hammond
"You have to put in many, many, many tiny efforts that nobody sees or appreciates before you achieve anything worthwhile." -Brian Tracy
"And then for the first time in history a Cook County state's attorney was reelected for a third time." -Richard M. Daley
"Hope springs eternal, even in politics." -Gwen Ifill
"If you have no confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life." -Marcus Garvey
"Less is more, unless you're Al Gore." -Jeff Rich
"A smart girl leaves before she is left." -Marilyn Monroe
"Standing in the middle of the road is very dangerous; you get knocked down by the traffic from both sides." -Margaret Thatcher
"I've been in love with the same woman for forty-one years. If my wife finds out, she'll kill me." -Henny Youngman
"Myths are public dreams, dreams are private myths." -Joseph Campbell
"The pen is mightier than the sword, and considerably easier to write with." -Marty Feldman
"I went to college in Mississippi; I'm from Louisiana." -Trishelle Cannatella
"The privileged man, whether he be privileged politically or economically, is a man depraved in intellect and heart." -Mikhail Bakunin
"We should measure welfare's success by how many people leave welfare, not by how many are added." -Ronald Reagan
"Of two evils, choose neither." -Charles Spurgeon
"I think most art comes out of poverty and hard times." -Willie Nelson
"I think the beautiful thing about the past is that it leads you to the present." -Vidya Balan
"The frame of the cave leads to the frame of man." -Stephen Gardiner
"Success is the space one occupies in the newspaper. Success is one day's insolence." -Elias Canetti
"I'm the only American alive or dead who presided unhappily over the removal of a vice president and a president." -Alexander Haig
"I have to pay attention to work on the weekends and always have my iPhone with me, but I don't mind." -Jill Abramson
"My whole career is just terror, from beginning to end. That's kind of my thing. A lot of happy accidents happened." -Patrick J. Adams
"All I want is beautiful. I mean, I like grey hair, I love wrinkles. But this is me." -Alber Elbaz
"I realize I am very privileged. But there's a difference between being spoiled and privileged." -Petra Ecclestone
"The only thing that I'm obsessed with is sleeping, and actually, it is more than an obsession, it is a pleasure." -Christian Bale
"Every single day, I get up and I say, 'I am going to live and not die.'" -Tammy Faye Bakker
"I'm a big believer in human nature." -Robert Agostinelli
"Love is an emotion experienced by the many and enjoyed by the few." -George Jean Nathan
"The three great essentials to achieve anything worth while are: Hard work, Stick-to-itiveness, and Common sense." -Thomas A. Edison
"Learning by doing is the only way I know how to learn." -Tony Fadell
"Why is the King of Hearts the only one that hasn't a moustache?" -James Branch Cabell
"There's really no point in having children if you're not going to be home enough to father them." -Anthony Edwards
"You have to first be a writer and somebody who loves to write. If I couldn't travel, I would still write." -Tim Cahill
"The depressing thing about tennis is that no matter how good I get, I'll never be as good as a wall." -Mitch Hedberg
"Inflation is taxation without legislation." -Milton Friedman
"There are two insults no human being will endure: that he has no sense of humor, and that he has never known trouble." -Sinclair Lewis
"Much effort, much prosperity." -Euripides
"It is a sign that your reputation is small and sinking if your own tongue must praise you." -Matthew Hale
"Everything you can imagine is real." -Pablo Picasso
"When I passed the age of 50, I learned how to control my emotions." -Mahmoud Darwish
"I'm fiercely proud to be Scottish." -Ewan McGregor
"The Orioles' Dick Hall comes off the mound like a drunk kangaroo on roller skates." -Joe Garagiola
"Spare me through your mercy, do not punish me through your justice." -Anselm of Canterbury
"I don't like anything about Drake." -DMX
"They have a beautiful security system and we're emulating the whole security infrastructure." -Miguel de Icaza
"We human beings do a lot of dumb things, and war is certainly the dumbest." -Natalie Babbitt
"Nothing is improbable until it moves into past tense." -George Ade
"Well, in 1947... in Europe and in Italy especially, we thought of America as all-powerful." -Giovanni Agnelli
"If you can turn your wants into your needs, you can do anything." -Randy Jackson
"Religion is a strange, wonderful thing. More crimes have been committed in the name of righteousness than any other notion." -Tom T. Hall
"She generally gave herself very good advice, (though she very seldom followed it)." -Lewis Carroll
"A work of art is above all an adventure of the mind." -Eugene Ionesco
"The institution of the presidency was profoundly affected by Watergate." -Robert Dallek
"I have a lot of incomplete short films and incomplete scripts out there." -Bill Hader
"If I write when I'm low, it will be a dark song, but I don't care. I want to be honest with myself at all times." -Ayumi Hamasaki
"It's counterproductive. The problem with sentimentality is that it kills the emotion." -Jean-Pierre Dardenne
"Appreciation is a wonderful thing: It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well." -Voltaire
"A soldier will fight long and hard for a bit of colored ribbon." -Napoleon Bonaparte
"The first thing the secretary types is the boss." -Donald Trump
"Ah, how many luxuries has the good God prepared for his Jewish children." -Sholom Aleichem
"I'm reading a book about Romaine Brooks, a wonderful painter from early in the last century." -Lawrence Ferlinghetti
"We can prevent Europe from becoming a spiritless machine that, in the end, grinds to a halt." -Jan Peter Balkenende
"I only sound intelligent when there's a good script writer around." -Christian Bale
"I just consider myself slightly left-of-center. I'm not your average bear. I - what's the word? I'm not - normal." -Eddie Van Halen
"I myself prefer my New Zealand eggs for breakfast." -Queen Elizabeth II
"Life is too short no matter what party you are with." -Scott Baio
"I didn't come to New York to be a star, I brought my star with me." -Reggie Jackson
"I wanted to be an up-to-date king. But I didn't have much time." -Edward VIII
"The most important single ingredient in the formula of success is knowing how to get along with people." -Theodore Roosevelt
"If you are far from the enemy, make him believe you are near." -Sun Tzu
"I mean, obviously, a lot of people know me around the world. Kids know me." -Jennifer Capriati
"Lose your dreams and you might lose your mind." -Mick Jagger
"Life is one grand, sweet song, so start the music." -Ronald Reagan
"The right time is any time that one is still so lucky as to have." -Henry James
"I started out Ice skating with 'Holiday On Ice' and just got offered the part of R2 by chance." -Kenny Baker
"If you go to a game nervous, you make a mistake." -Miguel Cabrera
"I'm fundamentally a busy person; I spend my time doing useful things and profoundly useless things!" -Romola Garai
"Progress is the attraction that moves humanity." -Marcus Garvey
"Rather than being a luxury, emotions are a very intelligent way of driving an organism toward certain outcomes." -Antonio Damasio
"I'm not 21 and trying to prove something with my words." -Jaromir Jagr
"I don't see that any buildings should be excluded from the term architecture, as long as they are done properly." -Arne Jacobsen
"A lot of young actresses have a hard time combining a reasonable love life with a career." -Britt Ekland
"Anyone who has dead straight hair wants curls." -Jenny Eclair
"It's not the daily increase but daily decrease. Hack away at the unessential." -Bruce Lee
"The task of art today is to bring chaos into order." -Theodor Adorno
"Courage, sacrifice, determination, commitment, toughness, heart, talent, guts. That's what little girls are made of." -Bethany Hamilton
"I love to take things that are everyday and comforting and make them into the most luxurious things in the world." -Marc Jacobs
"Because when you watch U.S. television, all the presenters and reporters, they're all out of central casting." -Diane Abbott
"To insure peace of mind ignore the rules and regulations." -George Ade
"I don't want to be known as the black model. I want to be recognized as Chanel Iman, a personality." -Chanel Iman
"It seems that entertainment is what most excites us and what we value above everything else." -Carroll O'Connor
"The story of the Internet is this incredibly strong, exciting change." -James Daly
"And at the end of the day, if the movie's no good, I'll live to fight another day." -Scott Caan
"I guess I've always been attracted to people who stand out as individuals - people who are adventurous and take chances." -Carmen Electra
"I'll never give up my Dior mascara." -Jessica Capshaw
"It looks easy, like surfing, but surfing is hard too." -George Eads
"God's the final judge for Elvis Presley and Johnny Cash too. That's solely in the hands of God." -Johnny Cash
"I was five years old when I wrote my first song. It was out of longing for my father that I wrote it." -Shmuel Yosef Agnon
"Did you ever stop to think, and forget to start again?" -A. A. Milne
"I trust no one, not even myself." -Joseph Stalin
"People think that at the end of the day a man is the only answer. Actually, a fulfilling job is better for me." -Princess Diana
"Resolve and thou art free." -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"Bogging down large armies in historically complex, dangerous areas ends in disaster." -Chuck Hagel
"Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live." -Jim Rohn
"I have no doubt that 'On the Road' is a Great American Novel. But I'm also certain my students will do fine without it." -Tony D'Souza
"Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read." -Groucho Marx
"A cult classic is one that has been fully embraced by an alternative audience, not the popular audience." -Bruce Campbell
"I didn't look at any of the newspapers, I look at the pictures sometimes, but apart from that I don't read them." -Tom Daley
"Victory is everything. You can spend the money but you can never spend the memories." -Ken Venturi
"Look at Walter Huston in The Devil and Daniel Webster: It's an incredible performance." -Taylor Hackford
"I tend to fly a bit under the radar." -Paul Stanley
"When dealing with people, remember you are not dealing with creatures of logic, but creatures of emotion." -Dale Carnegie
"There's a real wisdom to not saying a thing." -Willem Dafoe
"A pessimist is one who builds dungeons in the air." -Walter Winchell
"The best lesson I was given is that all of life teaches, especially if we have that expectation." -Sam Abell
"The very essence of instinct is that it's followed independently of reason." -Charles Darwin
"I've done a lot of acting. I'm not saying I'm the greatest, but I'd love to act, I'd love to sing." -Jessica Hahn
"The worst thing about some men is that when they are not drunk they are sober." -William Butler Yeats
"My life is full of drama, and I don't have time to worry about something as petty as what I look like." -Adele
"The Bible shows the way to go to heaven, not the way the heavens go." -Galileo Galilei
"Gaseous nitrogen combines with gaseous hydrogen in simple quantitative proportions to produce gaseous ammonia." -Fritz Haber
"Once in a great while I miss the racing, the feeling of winning. That rush. That adrenaline." -Tyler Hamilton
"Consistency is contrary to nature, contrary to life. The only completely consistent people are dead." -Aldous Huxley
"There's a big difference between doing the odd gig and actually having a record out and your name being on the ticket." -Stevie Jackson
"I believe that we were very, very lucky that it went that way." -Giovanni Agnelli
"Life lived for tomorrow will always be just a day away from being realized." -Leo Buscaglia
"I live a very dull life here... indeed I think I am more like a state prisoner than anything else." -Martha Washington
"The arts are very alive in Ireland, so that had its influence on me. But I consider myself European, really." -Michael Fassbender
"Shaw's plays are the price we pay for Shaw's prefaces." -James Agate
"If I shave, I don't have a chin anymore." -Casey Abrams
"There is nothing more likely to start disagreement among people or countries than an agreement." -E. B. White
"AIDS is not just God's punishment for homosexuals; it is God's punishment for the society that tolerates homosexuals." -Jerry Falwell
"It's amazing how ideas start out, isn't it?" -Nigel Farage
"My best moment? I have a lot of good moments but the one I prefer is when I kicked the hooligan." -Eric Cantona
"You never know what your opportunities are going to be." -Susan Egan
"People just don't understand how obsessed I am with winning." -Kobe Bryant
"The influence of a science adviser is only as good as ears open to that science advice." -Nina Fedoroff
"You'll work hard to create characters that are compelling and unforgettable. But in the end, it's the story that matters." -James Dashner
"When we were together, I loved you deeply and you gave me so much happiness I can never repay you." -Arthur Ashe
"If you look at a lot of people's careers, the first couple of movies, usually, are the most embarrassing." -Michael Ealy
"It's terrible to realize you don't learn how to live until you're ready to die, and then it's too late." -Edna Ferber
"I think this notion that it's the population of the U.S. against the big companies is just wrong." -Jeffrey R. Immelt
"There are a couple of things in there if we're constraining this discussion to horror here." -Eddie Campbell
"Live your life that the fear of death can never enter your heart." -Tecumseh
"The Band is sounding real good. We've been doing some dates together and they've been going well." -Rick Danko
"'Thou shalt not get found out' is not one of God's commandments; and no man can be saved by trying to keep it." -Leonard Bacon
"I had girlfriends, but settling down was the last thing on my mind." -Hugh Bonneville
"The greatest manager has a knack for making ballplayers think they are better than they think they are." -Reggie Jackson
"I will never be an old man. To me, old age is always 15 years older than I am." -Francis Bacon
"I was known as a 35-mm photographer with a view-camera mentality." -Sam Abell
"To be free and to live a free life - that is the most beautiful thing there is." -Miguel Indurain
"Nearer the gods no mortal may approach." -Edmond Halley
"I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet." -Rodney Dangerfield
"It's just better to be yourself than to try to be some version of what you think the other person wants." -Matt Damon
"Fashion fades, only style remains the same." -Coco Chanel
"Disease is an experience of a so-called mortal mind. It is fear made manifest on the body." -Mary Baker Eddy
"Tragedy makes you grow up." -Jane Campion
"When I'm not supposed to do something, it becomes more attractive to me." -Dan Farmer
"The most basic question is not what is best, but who shall decide what is best." -Thomas Sowell
"My confession: I listen to great music very badly." -Rosecrans Baldwin
"Every penny I've ever saved has been spent on airline tickets to different corners of the world." -JJ Feild
"I don't remember, at 19, someone giving me a golden key and saying, 'Welcome to Hollywood; which job would you like?'" -Jessica Capshaw
"Some of the worst mistakes of my life have been haircuts." -Jim Morrison
"I am doing things that are true to me. The only thing I have a problem with is being labeled." -Johnny Depp
"Live so that when your children think of fairness, caring, and integrity, they think of you." -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"I'm not a bad golfer, and I'm not the best, either." -Jose Pablo Cantillo
"The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery." -Anais Nin
"If we cannot now end our differences, at least we can help make the world safe for diversity." -John F. Kennedy
"Well, I was fourteen in Texas. But I looked twenty-five." -Jerry Hall
"A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life." -Charles Darwin
"Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare." -Dale Carnegie
"Why should I ask the wise men: Whence is my beginning? I am busy with the thought: Where will be my end?" -Muhammad Iqbal
"Behind every successful man stands a surprised mother-in-law." -Hubert H. Humphrey
"The good things never stay in your head. Only the bad things live on." -Jake Abel
"I don't care what the critics say or think because I care for and love my fans." -Oksana Baiul
"I like the wild characters. I like the idea of being a character actor without being a character actor." -Britt Robertson
"There is no force so democratic as the force of an ideal." -Calvin Coolidge
"I tend toward characters who are more lost than found." -Ron Eldard
"I never know as a writer when I set out into a novel where it's going to take me." -Kim Edwards
"Talking, talking. Spinning a web of words, pale walls of dreams, between myself and all I see." -John Gardner
"I'm trying to be like the old Roc- A-Fella and Bad Boy, influencing people culturally but having hits at the same time." -Hit-Boy
"Age is not important unless you're a cheese." -Helen Hayes
"Find fitness with fun dancing. It is fun and makes you forget about the dreaded exercise." -Paula Abdul
"I'm as Scottish as they come." -Stevie Jackson
"Always recognize that human individuals are ends, and do not use them as means to your end." -Immanuel Kant
"Ted Williams was the greatest hitter I ever saw, but DiMaggio was the greatest all around player." -Bob Feller
"Without knowledge action is useless and knowledge without action is futile." -Abu Bakr
"A good historian is timeless; although he is a patriot, he will never flatter his country in any respect." -Francois Fenelon
"My mother is looking forward to it even more than me! I'll be showing her the bright lights of New York." -Tom Felton
"If you're bored with life - you don't get up every morning with a burning desire to do things - you don't have enough goals." -Lou Holtz
"Silence is a source of great strength." -Lao Tzu
"I don't know what happens to me on stage. Something else seems to take over." -Maria Callas
"We love to expect, and when expectation is either disappointed or gratified, we want to be again expecting." -Samuel Johnson
"The first condition of understanding a foreign country is to smell it." -Rudyard Kipling
"Do not expect the world to look bright, if you habitually wear gray-brown glasses." -Charles William Eliot
"People will always consider me a cartoon character, a bimbo. They will never give me credit." -Jessica Hahn
"I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying." -Michael Jordan
"From each according to his abilities, to each according to his needs." -Karl Marx
"The ordinary man is involved in action, the hero acts. An immense difference." -Henry Miller
"California is a tragic country - like Palestine, like every Promised Land." -Christopher Isherwood
"God help those who do not help themselves." -Wilson Mizner
"Creme Brulee is the ultimate 'guy' dessert. Make it and he'll follow you anywhere." -Ina Garten
"A wise man's question contains half the answer." -Solomon Ibn Gabirol
"'Scary Movie' is very broad, and the reality is extreme." -Regina Hall
"Any relic of the dead is precious, if they were valued living." -Emily Bronte
"When it blows here, even the seagulls walk." -Nick Faldo
"Modernity is a qualitative, not a chronological, category." -Theodor Adorno
"Better to die on one's feet than to live on one's knees." -Dolores Ibarruri
"I do yoga; I'm pretty dedicated." -Vanessa Ferlito
"As long as your going to be thinking anyway, think big." -Donald Trump
"I would rather live and love where death is king than have eternal life where love is not." -Robert Green Ingersoll
"Failures, repeated failures, are finger posts on the road to achievement. One fails forward toward success." -C. S. Lewis
"If you steal from one author it's plagiarism; if you steal from many it's research." -Wilson Mizner
"Explanation separates us from astonishment, which is the only gateway to the incomprehensible." -Eugene Ionesco
"I'm the guitar player in Belle & Sebastian." -Stevie Jackson
"To the people I forgot, you weren't on my mind for some reason and you probably don't deserve any thanks anyway." -Eminem
"We make up horrors to help us cope with the real ones." -Stephen King
"I just love Rome. It really does cast a spell on you." -Alec Baldwin
"A lack of realism in the vision today costs credibility tomorrow." -John C. Maxwell
"To me faith means not worrying." -John Dewey
"I was green. All I knew was to walk my dog and go to church." -Jessica Hahn
"Music, in performance, is a type of sculpture. The air in the performance is sculpted into something." -Frank Zappa
"Nothing seems to matter but ourselves. That's not how I was brought up. I don't recognize the country I live in anymore." -Jeff Daniels
"Turkey's economy is powerful enough to tackle tough times." -Ali Babacan
"I can't spend the rest of my life being pretty in a bonnet." -Romola Garai
"In my whole life, I've worn black tie three times. I can't tie the knot myself." -Stefano Gabbana
"We work to become, not to acquire." -Elbert Hubbard
"Maybe one day I can have a reunion with myself." -Sebastian Bach
"A tramp, a gentleman, a poet, a dreamer, a lonely fellow, always hopeful of romance and adventure." -Charlie Chaplin
"Cats don't like change without their consent." -Roger Caras
"America preaches integration and practices segregation." -Malcolm X
"Happiness is inward, and not outward; and so, it does not depend on what we have, but on what we are." -Henry Van Dyke
"If, then, you are looking for the way by which you should go, take Christ, because He Himself is the way." -Thomas Aquinas
"Martyrdom does not end something, it only a beginning." -Indira Gandhi
"I write contemporary rock with Jane's. And I also write house music with people like Kascade." -Perry Farrell
"I don't sleep well. I rehash everything in bed. The mind's still working." -Hale Irwin
"I'm very social, and in a place like New York, even if you're alone on the subway, you never feel lonely." -Ana Gasteyer
"When the past no longer illuminates the future, the spirit walks in darkness." -Alexis de Tocqueville
"I've always been a tomboy. I've always liked to wear red, black, and white, and mostly pants." -Janet Jackson
"The moment somebody says 'this is very risky' is the moment it becomes attractive to me." -Kate Capshaw
"I'm a reasonably good actor, and I'm an average naval officer. Ha, ha!" -Mark Hadlow
"The Internet makes everything much less mysterious." -Maria Bamford
"Writers should be read but not seen. Rarely are they a winsome sight." -Edna Ferber
"I have an I.Q. of 100 plus a little bit. I have to work real hard to get things when I read." -Darrell Issa
"Fanaticism consists of redoubling your effort when you have forgotten your aim." -George Santayana
"I'm on this diet where you're supposed to eat only fish and meat." -Lasse Hallstrom
"Courage is... the knowledge of how to fear what ought to be feared and how not to fear what ought not to be feared." -David Ben-Gurion
"One of my favorite films is 1994's 'Little Women', with Winona Ryder and Kirsten Dunst." -Kara Hayward
"I'm an old-fashioned guy... I want to be an old man with a beer belly sitting on a porch, looking at a lake or something." -Johnny Depp
"Democracy is not an instant coffee." -Mohamed ElBaradei
"To succeed in business it is necessary to make others see things as you see them." -Aristotle Onassis
"I was Tea Party years before there was an official Tea Party." -Niger Innis
"There's a big difference between sanity and insanity." -Megan Gallagher
"You have to have a canon so the next generation can come along and explode it." -Henry Louis Gates
"He has conferred on the practice of vacillation the aura of statesmanship." -Kenneth Baker
"I can't touch Simon anymore." -Randy Jackson
"You know what your problem is, it's that you haven't seen enough movies - all of life's riddles are answered in the movies." -Steve Martin
"Job-interviewing is just a skill. Like any skill, some people have more of a predisposition for it than others." -Dale Dauten
"Action is the antidote to despair." -Joan Baez
"Don't do anything in practice that you wouldn't do in the game." -George Halas
"The essence of global health equity is the idea that something so precious as health might be viewed as a right." -Paul Farmer
"I loved the opportunity to play for the Yankees, too." -Bert Campaneris
"Positive thinking will let you use the ability which you have, and that is awesome." -Zig Ziglar
"I am fascinated with times past." -Frank Darabont
"Depth of friendship does not depend on length of acquaintance." -Rabindranath Tagore
"If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe." -Carl Sagan
"Segregation is that which is forced upon an inferior by a superior. Separation is done voluntarily by two equals." -Malcolm X
"There's no such thing as a free lunch." -Milton Friedman
"Our envy always lasts longer than the happiness of those we envy." -Heraclitus
"It's almost better most times to not talk in a scene. I think you can actually express a lot more without words." -Neve Campbell
"No one can figure out your worth but you." -Pearl Bailey
"In order to be a realist you must believe in miracles." -H. C. Bailey
"I am the oldest of seven. Do my siblings think I'm super cool? I wish they thought I was super cool!" -Britt Robertson
"For everyone who exalts himself will be humbled, and everyone who humbles himself will be exalted." -Jesus Christ
"Faith is an act of a finite being who is grasped by, and turned to, the infinite." -Paul Tillich
"What is originality? Undetected plagiarism." -Dean Inge
"The road to recovery is to stimulate small business and innovation by reducing taxation, regulation, and litigation." -Sandy Adams
"Well, when I was a kid, I grew up in San Diego next to the ocean. The ocean was my friend - my best friend." -Robert Ballard
"The essence of the beautiful is unity in variety." -W. Somerset Maugham
"Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above them." -Washington Irving
"I always say, 'I really need to take a break.' It's three days in and I'm getting pretty bored." -Stephen Daldry
"There are two means of refuge from the miseries of life: music and cats." -Albert Schweitzer
"Observation is an old man's memory." -Jonathan Swift
"Science is telling us that we can do phenomenal things if we put our minds and our resources to it." -Anthony Fauci
"It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for something you are not." -Andre Gide
"A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided." -Tony Robbins
"It's hard to notice things without people noticing me and that takes some getting used to." -Edie Falco
"Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly." -Plutarch
"Dreams can still come true; you need a great deal of energy and determination, and a little bit of luck." -Stefano Gabbana
"All things truly wicked start from innocence." -Ernest Hemingway
"I'm not the kind of guy to talk about angels: I'm a very pragmatic kind of guy." -Chris Isaak
"Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee." -Muhammad Ali
"For me, it is far better to grasp the Universe as it really is than to persist in delusion, however satisfying and reassuring." -Carl Sagan
"As an undergraduate I majored in British and American literature at Rice University." -David Eagleman
"I almost feel like I'm unoffendable now. I can roll with whatever." -Justin Halpern
"Prevention is better than cure." -Desiderius Erasmus
"The fact that you can't base a coffeehouse on any other rock band is the other rock bands' problem, not mine." -Paul Stanley
"You sparkle with larceny." -Wilson Mizner
"The Evangelical party in the Church of Scotland will lay all flat if they be not prevented." -Edward Irving
"A wise man should have money in his head, but not in his heart." -Jonathan Swift
"Experience without theory is blind, but theory without experience is mere intellectual play." -Immanuel Kant
"We cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails." -Dolly Parton
"Some of our greatest historical and artistic treasures we place in museums; others, we take for walks." -Roger Caras
"Health consists with temperance alone." -Alexander Pope
"Never be ashamed to write a melody that people remember." -Burt Bacharach
"Winning starts with beginning." -Robert H. Schuller
"You are indebted to you imagination for three-fourths of your importance." -David Garrick
"The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook." -William James
"Same-sex marriage is not the future." -Maggie Gallagher
"If you think it's expensive to hire a professional to do the job, wait until you hire an amateur." -Red Adair
"I know of only one duty, and that is to love." -Albert Camus
"At one point, CERN was toying with patenting the World Wide Web." -Robert Cailliau
"She's been married so many times she has rice marks on her face." -Henny Youngman
"It wasn't my tennis that made me lose, it was a lot of different things going on, high drama, high emotion." -Jennifer Capriati
"Somewhere deep down there's a decent man in me, he just can't be found." -Eminem
"I really like clever men who challenge you." -E. L. James
"We must remember that Satan has his miracles, too." -John Calvin
"No one can confidently say that he will still be living tomorrow." -Euripides
"A thing of beauty is a joy forever: its loveliness increases; it will never pass into nothingness." -John Keats
"I know how men in exile feed on dreams." -Aeschylus
"Laugh a lot. It clears the lungs." -David Hockney
"What we do belongs to what we are; and what we are is what becomes of us." -Henry Van Dyke
"I've been told by many people that if I had a Twitter account, I would be making five hundred thousand dollars more a year." -Gaby Hoffmann
"You don't face Nolan Ryan without your rest. He's the only guy I go against that makes me go to bed before midnight." -Reggie Jackson
"In polite society one laughs at all the jokes, including the ones one has heard before." -Frank Dane
"The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity." -Peter Drucker
"The courage to be is rooted in the God who appears when God has disappeared in the anxiety of doubt." -Paul Tillich
"An early-morning walk is a blessing for the whole day." -Henry David Thoreau
"The most seductive thing about art is the personality of the artist himself." -Paul Cezanne
"The best kisses have something behind it - maybe something has been smoldering for a while, and it's about to happen." -Brett Davern
"The Bible is worth all the other books which have ever been printed." -Patrick Henry
"I always loved Kate Winslet, but after you meet her you really love her because she's a cool chick." -Peter Farrelly
"Sometimes I'll let little things get to me. Or I'll make a big deal out of little things." -Jennette McCurdy
"American-French relations, their pitch and volume, have always been influenced by the media." -Rosecrans Baldwin
"Life was always a matter of waiting for the right moment to act." -Paulo Coelho
"Of all ghosts the ghosts of our old loves are the worst." -Arthur Conan Doyle
"I was having serious issues with becoming a diabetic." -Randy Jackson
"It is not who is right, but what is right, that is of importance." -Thomas Huxley
"Rehearsals and this band are two words that don't really go together, kinda like Military Intelligence." -Jerry Cantrell
"No man can pass into eternity, for he is already in it." -Frederic William Farrar
"Let me show you how it's done... Loser!" -Babe Ruth
"I went to school for creative writing in college, and I wound up about six hours short of my degree." -Jason Isbell
"I think every actor wants to be an FBI or cop at one point." -Aaron Eckhart
"Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it." -George Halas
"Southern California, where the American Dream came too true." -Lawrence Ferlinghetti
"Vanity working on a weak head, produces every sort of mischief." -Jane Austen
"A beautiful thing never gives so much pain as does failing to hear and see it." -Michelangelo
"To be absolutely certain about something, one must know everything or nothing about it." -Henry A. Kissinger
"What is cooking? 'Cooking' is a loose term. It's understanding energy or the lack thereof." -Homaro Cantu
"There isn't an aspect of book creation I don't enjoy, and there has always been a book in my life to dream about or work on." -Sam Abell
"Don't feel entitled to anything you didn't sweat and struggle for." -Marian Wright Edelman
"The four characteristics of humanism are curiosity, a free mind, belief in good taste, and belief in the human race." -E. M. Forster
"A group of reptilian humanoids, called the Babylonian Brotherhood, control humanity." -David Icke
"Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more." -Tony Robbins
"We measure our enjoyments by the sum expended." -Felix Adler
"No matter how nice the company one might be with, however, it is never pleasant to have a rifle pointed at one's back." -Meg Cabot
"If a guitar is too easy for me to play, it makes me too laid back. I like to battle with my guitar." -Kirk Hammett
"Graphic design is the paradise of individuality, eccentricity, heresy, abnormality, hobbies and humors." -George Santayana
"Michael is a gift from Allah, and he is taking him back. The world didn't appreciate him." -Jermaine Jackson
"When you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it." -Paulo Coelho
"It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye." -Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"I have Social Disease. I have to go out every night. If I stay home one night I start spreading rumors to my dogs." -Andy Warhol
"I always say the same thing - believe in what you do, do it, and don't veer away from the truth of it." -Daryl Hall
"Perhaps one of the most important accomplishments of my administration has been minding my own business." -Calvin Coolidge
"Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
"Worldly fame is but a breath of wind that blows now this way, and now that, and changes name as it changes direction." -Dante Alighieri
"I feel like if I live the Christian life, then the people should be able to see it in my everyday actions." -Quinton Aaron
"Theatre director: a person engaged by the management to conceal the fact that the players cannot act." -James Agate
"There's no longer any surprise in noting that China has grave environmental problems." -James Fallows
"I don't care if I get $50 million to do a film." -Abel Ferrara
"I was brought up in a household with sir and ma'am." -Darrell Issa
"Life in the Middle East is quite different from other places." -Zaha Hadid
"To an engineer, good enough means perfect. With an artist, there's no such thing as perfect." -Alexander Calder
"There's no point for me to party. I have a girl that I love. I don't need that." -Ryan Cabrera
"A man only learns in two ways, one by reading, and the other by association with smarter people." -Will Rogers
"I did 'Formula 51' because I got to run around Liverpool in a kilt, with golf clubs." -Samuel L. Jackson
"No lady is ever a gentleman." -James Branch Cabell
"It's pitching, hitting and defense that wins. Any two can win. All three make you unbeatable." -Joe Garagiola
"If you fell down yesterday, stand up today." -H. G. Wells
"The walls we build around us to keep sadness out also keeps out the joy." -Jim Rohn
"Coming back after the layoff, I wasn't really sure what to expect." -Jennifer Capriati
"'ER' was so huge that whatever I did coming back to television, I'd have to feel as strongly about." -Anthony Edwards
"A lot of people who look at my photographs think it is an easy joke, but it does take a bit of thinking about." -Alison Jackson
"I believe that there are no mistakes in the universe, so I think it all happens as it should!" -Carla Hall
"I bought all my friends guitars and I had a good time with my money. But then one day the IRS came knocking." -Janis Ian
"Whoever I am, or whatever I am doing, some kind of excellence is within my reach." -John W. Gardner
"If you want to get laid, go to college. If you want an education, go to the library." -Frank Zappa
"We're seeing how the videos translate to the live shows and how the technology is really reaching kids." -Willie Aames
"I never expected to see the day when girls would get sunburned in the places they now do." -Will Rogers
"If it's not televised, there's no way Americans will know about competitive badminton. All they know is the back-yard thing." -Howard Bach
"I would prefer to be a citizen of an independent country rather than Emperor of an enslaved one." -Bao Dai
"I want to spend my time between the creation of ideas and the creation of things." -Theaster Gates
"I was the Specials' founder, main songwriter and keyboard player." -Jerry Dammers
"I've changed my mind about the interview. I shall never give interviews." -Maude Adams
"A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer." -Bruce Lee
"It's about finding great artists and being part of their careers." -Kenneth Edmonds
"A woman knows by intuition, or instinct, what is best for herself." -Marilyn Monroe
"The greatest mistake you can make in life is continually fearing that you'll make one." -Elbert Hubbard
"Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
"You can have no dominion greater or less than that over yourself." -Leonardo da Vinci
"When I was very young, my background as a Sikh-American made me aware of the tensions that underlie choice." -Sheena Iyengar
"It is only a step from boredom to disillusionment, which leads naturally to self-pity, which in turn ends in chaos." -Manly Hall
"I guess subconsciously that all the great people you work with have an influence on you." -Eric Bana
"A human being is a single being. Unique and unrepeatable." -Eileen Caddy
"There are many people who live with terrorism every day." -Morena Baccarin
"I won't do reality. That is done. And I don't want people following me around with a camera 24 hours a day." -Mario Cantone
"You know, I love wearing heels. I wish I could wear them all the time, but, you know, my sport doesn't really permit it." -Allyson Felix
"Saying nothing... sometimes says the most." -Emily Dickinson
"What the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve." -Napoleon Hill
"If this be treason, make the most of it!" -Patrick Henry
"A woman telling her true age is like a buyer confiding his final price to an Armenian rug dealer." -Mignon McLaughlin
"Marry an outdoors woman. Then if you throw her out into the yard on a cold night, she can still survive." -W. C. Fields
"There is a kind of serenity in love which is almost a paradise." -Alain Badiou
"I wasn't a social butterfly at all." -Kate Bosworth
"Nearly all the best things that came to me in life have been unexpected, unplanned by me." -Carl Sandburg
"So, it's nice to know that you've inspired someone to do their life's work." -Wanda Jackson
"I've never been up with the times, always been slightly out of step." -Christopher Eccleston
"I'm attracted to pathos, because life is mostly pathos. I've had a lot of it in my life." -Hector Elizondo
"Illness is the doctor to whom we pay most heed; to kindness, to knowledge, we make promise only; pain we obey." -Marcel Proust
"Being slightly paranoid is like being slightly pregnant - it tends to get worse." -Molly Ivins
"The truth is that life is delicious, horrible, charming, frightful, sweet, bitter, and that is everything." -Anatole France
"Courage and perseverance have a magical talisman, before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish into air." -John Quincy Adams
"To insult someone we call him 'bestial. For deliberate cruelty and nature, 'human' might be the greater insult." -Isaac Asimov
"Now a soft kiss - Aye, by that kiss, I vow an endless bliss." -John Keats
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." -Aristotle
"To rely upon conviction, devotion, and other excellent spiritual qualities; that is not to be taken seriously in politics." -Vladimir Lenin
"There is only one difference between a long life and a good dinner: that, in the dinner, the sweets come last." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"Time and again these governments have rejected proposals today - and longed for them tomorrow." -Abba Eban
"God can make you anything you want to be, but you have to put everything in his hands." -Mahalia Jackson
"I've twice accidentally stolen something, and both times I went back and paid for them when I realized I had done it." -Katie Featherston
"The most dangerous creation of any society is the man who has nothing to lose." -James A. Baldwin
"We loved with a love that was more than love." -Edgar Allan Poe
"Knowledge is the life of the mind." -Abu Bakr
"Every year thousands of Americans mistakenly refer to Cinco de Mayo as Mexico's Independence Day." -Joe Baca
"The reason why men enter into society is the preservation of their property." -John Locke
"Nickelback offered me a full-membership position. That's a great thing." -Daniel Adair
"I've always believed that if you put in the work, the results will come." -Michael Jordan
"Every act of creation is first an act of destruction." -Pablo Picasso
"If the end does not justify the means - what can?" -Edward Abbey
"War does not determine who is right - only who is left." -Bertrand Russell
"I feel it's important to talk about the complex issues affecting us." -Asghar Farhadi
"A fairly bright boy is far more intelligent and far better company than the average adult." -John B. S. Haldane
"Why did I write? Because I found life unsatisfactory." -Tennessee Williams
"A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice." -Bill Cosby
"My idea of a good night has always been having a lovely meal and a proper conversation." -Kirsty Gallacher
"You are precisely as big as what you love and precisely as small as what you allow to annoy you." -Robert Anton Wilson
"I've always been into dark colours." -Jeremy Irvine
"I look in the mirror and see a few scars, but I like myself." -Steven Adler
"Beauty awakens the soul to act." -Dante Alighieri
"One should eat to live, not live to eat." -Moliere
"Do your little bit of good where you are; its those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world." -Desmond Tutu
"It's the job that's never started as takes longest to finish." -J. R. R. Tolkien
"A safe fairyland is untrue to all worlds." -J. R. R. Tolkien
"The drummer; he inspired me to play like no one else I have ever met." -Chet Baker
"The best thing one can do when it's raining is to let it rain." -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"You remember some bedrooms you have slept in. There are bedrooms you like to remember and others you would like to forget." -Carl Sandburg
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"Most thermostats are built by plumbing companies. But you really need to understand how to build a phone to make them better." -Tony Fadell
"To look forward and not back, To look out and not in, and To lend a hand." -Edward Everett Hale
"Women have had the power of naming stolen from us." -Mary Daly
"Always speak the truth, think before you speak, and write it down afterwards." -Lewis Carroll
"Doesn't everyone hate Kristen Stewart?" -Caitriona Balfe
"Government has no other end, but the preservation of property." -John Locke
"Always admit when you're wrong. You'll save thousands in therapy... and a few friendships too." -Harvey Fierstein
"Am I a romantic? I've seen 'Wuthering Heights' ten times. I'm a romantic." -Johnny Depp
"Don't try too hard to be young. Be who you are." -Tony Danza
"The thing worse than rebellion is the thing that causes rebellion." -Frederick Douglass
"The first lines of defence against criminals are the victims themselves." -Michael Badnarik
"Dreams have only one owner at a time. That's why dreamers are lonely." -Erma Bombeck
"I think La Liga is the best league in the world." -Gareth Bale
"I'm one of those regular weird people." -Janis Joplin
"It's fun to be an actor and dress up, but I'm happy being me and just loving accepting my personal style." -India de Beaufort
"If you listen to your fears, you will die never knowing what a great person you might have been." -Robert H. Schuller
"My style is ghetto chic. I love tacky jewelry, mega heels, high-waisted shorts, catsuits." -Jessie J
"When I began working in not-for-profits, it was taking a vow of poverty, which eliminated huge numbers of folks." -Geoffrey Canada
"Having caught a glimpse of what I might be able to do with my talent, I feel a tremendous obligation to try to fulfill it." -Simon Callow
"A day of worry is more exhausting than a week of work." -John Lubbock
"I think Fast Company has a tremendously smart focus and execution." -James Daly
"I don't think I'm egotistical as much as I'm taking responsibility for what I'm putting out there." -Jon Favreau
"Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." -Steve Jobs
"Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future, too." -Marcus Aurelius
"The man that's out to do something has to keep in high gear all the time." -Douglas Fairbanks
"It is not fit that every man should travel; it makes a wise man better, and a fool worse." -William Hazlitt
"Nobody's a natural. You work to get good and then work to get better. It's hard to stay on top." -Paul Gallico
"A wholesome oblivion of one's neighbours is the beginning of wisdom." -Richard Le Gallienne
"There is little success where there is little laughter." -Andrew Carnegie
"I intend to live forever, or die trying." -Groucho Marx
"I kind of view everybody like a rainbow. Everybody on the planet has all the colors of the rainbow inside." -Alexia Fast
"I cook everything from Italian to Cajun food. I have now mastered the roux for gumbo. I love cooking." -Yolanda Adams
"Each problem that I solved became a rule, which served afterwards to solve other problems." -Rene Descartes
"I can be inappropriate at times." -Leslie Easterbrook
"Divorced men are more likely to meet their car payments than their child support obligations." -Susan Faludi
"The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper." -Bertrand Russell
"The greatest thing the Democrats have ever done for me was to defeat me for the governor of Tennessee." -Roy Acuff
"Oh yeah, I'd love to be a comedian. I've done a lot, but always in the confines of plays." -Michael Gambon
"The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents." -Salvador Dali
"Anytime a person goes into a delicatessen and orders a pastrami on white bread, somewhere a Jew dies." -Milton Berle
"To be honest with you, I get a little fed up with actors who act crazy to make themselves more interesting." -George Eads
"Reading maketh a full man; conference a ready man; and writing an exact man." -Francis Bacon
"Comedy is ridiculously hard. And if the rhythm is not right, if the music or the line is not right, it's not funny." -Julianne Moore
"My theme this evening is that America needs a competitive dollar." -Martin Feldstein
"One thing that you hope for when you want to be a musician is that you have that recognizable sound." -Jerry Cantrell
"Classic art was the art of necessity: modern romantic art bears the stamp of caprice and chance." -Max Eastman
"In the souls of the people the grapes of wrath are filling and growing heavy, growing heavy for the vintage." -John Steinbeck
"How do you keep war accountable to the American people when war becomes invisible and virtual?" -Michael Ignatieff
"Canada has given us John Candy and Martin Short and Bill Shatner and Lord knows how many other wonderful performers." -Jamie Farr
"Most people say that it is the intellect which makes a great scientist. They are wrong: it is character." -Albert Einstein
"I never trust a fighting man who doesnt smoke or drink." -William Halsey
"Genius is the ability to put into effect what is on your mind." -F. Scott Fitzgerald
"The upward course of a nation's history is due in the long run to the soundness of heart of its average men and women." -Queen Elizabeth II
"I have only one rule in acting - trust the director and give him heart and soul." -Ava Gardner
"We learn about life not from plusses alone, but from minuses as well." -Anton Chekhov
"Every good act is charity. A man's true wealth hereafter is the good that he does in this world to his fellows." -Moliere
"I don't care about failing because I do not want to sit down in my older years and say, 'How come I didn't try?'" -Tony Fernandes
"Victory is the most important aspect in Iraq, because victory in Iraq will help us have victory in the War on Terror." -Andrew Card
"The making of friends who are real friends, is the best token we have of a man's success in life." -Edward Everett Hale
"What this country needs is a good five-cent nickel." -Franklin Pierce Adams
"I have a proven record as an effective legislator, which I believe is my greatest asset." -Sandy Adams
"Plenty of people wish to become devout, but no one wishes to be humble." -Joseph Addison
"We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish." -Tony Robbins
"Teach us to give and not to count the cost." -Saint Ignatius
"There's a lot of America that's Christian. I would not describe us, though, on the whole, as a Christian nation." -John Edwards
"The most important thing is to try and inspire people so that they can be great in whatever they want to do." -Kobe Bryant
"When rich people fight wars with one another, poor people are the ones to die." -Jean-Paul Sartre
"Today was good. Today was fun. Tomorrow is another one." -Dr. Seuss
"Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful." -John Wooden
"Big results require big ambitions." -Heraclitus
"The trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit." -Moliere
"It is not the employer who pays the wages. Employers only handle the money. It is the customer who pays the wages." -Henry Ford
"Well, after the divorce, I went home and turned all the lights on!" -Larry David
"A good farmer is nothing more nor less than a handy man with a sense of humus." -E. B. White
"I became a writer because I love books, and I believe in their power." -Deb Caletti
"Music is everybody's possession. It's only publishers who think that people own it." -John Lennon
"Up, you mighty race, accomplish what you will." -Marcus Garvey
"What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance." -Francis of Assisi
"Most scripts that get written in Hollywood don't go anywhere." -Evan Daugherty
"My inspiration was the game itself, not any individual player in it." -Nomar Garciaparra
"It's great that fans have people they can enjoy and watch play." -Nomar Garciaparra
"Success is only meaningful and enjoyable if it feels like your own." -Michelle Obama
"Charity begins at home, and justice begins next door." -Charles Dickens
"I have no consistency, except in politics; and that probably arises from my indifference to the subject altogether." -Lord Byron
"I believe that the writer should tell a story. I believe in plot. I believe in creating characters and suspense." -Ernest Gaines
"It is difficult to free fools from the chains they revere." -Voltaire
"You have to be who you are when you do music." -Anthony Hamilton
"I graduated a the top of my class in the '84 Olympic Games; I won a gold medal." -Scott Hamilton
"Ballyhoo is for your classic girl, who is fun and fearless. This is for the girl who is not afraid to dress fun." -India de Beaufort
"You know I take music seriously, right? So I expect journalists to take being a journalist seriously." -Glenn Danzig
"I was extremely greedy and lost my moral compass." -Andrew Fastow
"The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own." -Benjamin Disraeli
"The determination to win is the better part of winning." -Daisaku Ikeda
"Usually, someone who's in a show gets me a ticket. I feel cornered. I can't walk out if I don't like it." -Uta Hagen
"You know you're old if your walker has an airbag." -Phyllis Diller
"A democratic government is the only one in which those who vote for a tax can escape the obligation to pay it." -Alexis de Tocqueville
"Sitting down and sharing a meal together combines two of my favorite loves: eating great food and talking about great food." -Homaro Cantu
"There are many of us that are willing to do great things for the Lord, but few of us are willing to do little things." -Dwight L. Moody
"I've just simply used what I've used because of the great, great expressive potential of it." -John Eaton
"Men can be a great deal of work for very little reward." -Glenda Jackson
"No great artist ever sees things as they really are. If he did, he would cease to be an artist." -Oscar Wilde
"Ultimately, I am very filmmaker oriented, as a producer." -Nina Jacobson
"Just open, honest communication is the best thing in the world." -Brett Davern
"Many human beings say that they enjoy the winter, but what they really enjoy is feeling proof against it." -Richard Adams
"The energy of the mind is the essence of life." -Aristotle
"We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing." -George Bernard Shaw
"One of the few luxuries left is travel. And the aspect of travel that is luxurious is not the movement, but the being there." -Andre Balazs
"I didn't want to be the sissy figure skater, you know." -Scott Hamilton
"Beware of no man more than of yourself; we carry our worst enemies within us." -Charles Spurgeon
"I went to college. I had a double major in biology and physical education, but my major was wrestling." -Dan Gable
"Love can be unselfish, in the sense of being benevolent and generous, without being selfless." -Mortimer Adler
"I believe in God, because he is the only thing that kept me going. He's my best friend." -Jessica Hahn
"Good advice is always certain to be ignored, but that's no reason not to give it." -Agatha Christie
"Making movies is like herding cats." -Eric Fellner
"What is this world? A mere curl of smoke for the wind to scatter." -Abraham Cahan
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." -Winston Churchill
"I find it an easy way into writing pieces is to think what the character's voice is like, and start from there." -Armando Iannucci
"Why waste time trying to discover the truth, when you can so easily create it?" -David Baldacci
"The richest people in the world look for and build networks; everyone else looks for work." -Robert Kiyosaki
"There is no substitute for hard work." -Thomas A. Edison
"It takes as much courage to have tried and failed as it does to have tried and succeeded." -Anne Morrow Lindbergh
"The future enters into us, in order to transform itself in us, long before it happens." -Rainer Maria Rilke
"To kill an error is as good a service as, and sometimes even better than, the establishing of a new truth or fact." -Charles Darwin
"I'm a producer for fun. I'm not a professional schooled musician or anything." -Afrojack
"I have heard Obama officials say more than once, 'You will have blood on your hands if you publish this story.'" -Jill Abramson
"Religion which requires persecution to sustain, it is of the devil's propagation." -Hosea Ballou
"Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people." -Eleanor Roosevelt
"It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." -Henry David Thoreau
"Always it gave me a pang that my children had no lawful claim to a name." -Harriet Ann Jacobs
"You try to get to know your character as best as you can before you start filming - what's written and not written." -Paul Dano
"I like to go for a little drive up the California coast." -Colin Farrell
"Storms make trees take deeper roots." -Dolly Parton
"I find it very offensive when the government tells me what I can and cannot watch. Censor yourself." -Michael Badnarik
"I didn't mean to hit the umpire with the dirt, but I did mean to hit that bastard in the stands." -Babe Ruth
"The avant-garde makes more sense to me." -John Cale
"While I've spent a lot of quality time with my children, perhaps it's not been enough." -Jesse Jackson
"We must open the doors of opportunity. But we must also equip our people to walk through those doors." -Lyndon B. Johnson
"The first epics were intended for recitation; the literary epic is meant to be read." -Lascelles Abercrombie
"It is not only that Germany has been defeated in the war, Kaiser Wilhelm's Germany was defeated." -C. L. R. James
"Strictly speaking, there are no real substitutes for sexual satisfaction." -Dashiell Hammett
"Rebellion to tyrants is obedience to God." -William Penn
"I think fish is nice, but then I think that rain is wet, so who am I to judge?" -Douglas Adams
"I think the most important thing people can do to save our planet and the human race is to empower women!" -Robert Ballard
"And muse on Nature with a poet's eye." -Thomas Campbell
"Friendship is one mind in two bodies." -Mencius
"Think twice before burdening a friend with a secret." -Marlene Dietrich
"To get where you want to go you can't only do what you like." -Peter Abrahams
"Being unprepared heightens nerves." -James Galway
"So soon as a fashion is universal, it is out of date." -Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
"Power is my mistress. I have worked too hard at her conquest to allow anyone to take her away from me." -Napoleon Bonaparte
"Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves." -James M. Barrie
"Nothing is more dreadful in life than the profound thought that death may only greet you with eternal nothingness." -Kim Elizabeth
"I'm on the cover of the lingerie football swimsuit calendar this year." -Trishelle Cannatella
"Good habits are worth being fanatical about." -John Irving
"The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting." -Sun Tzu
"I should have been smart enough to stay happy. But my ambition ruled my life." -Eva Gabor
"Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely." -Lord Acton
"Actually, I wanted to be an actor when I was two years old." -Keith David
"People create stories create people; or rather stories create people create stories." -Chinua Achebe
"I object to violence because when it appears to do good, the good is only temporary; the evil it does is permanent." -Mahatma Gandhi
"The reason I wanted to be an actor is that I don't want to play me for the rest of my life and make money out of that." -James D'arcy
"I think what's so great about 'Arrow' is that they really ground everything in reality." -Seth Gabel
"I don't feel like a 40-year-old. I feel more like four 10-year-olds, each pulling in a different direction." -Michael Feldman
"Among us all men were created sons of God and stood erect, as conscious of their divinity." -Charles Eastman
"I always try to look for the best in most places." -Hugh Bonneville
"Whatever satisfies the soul is truth." -Walt Whitman
"You have to get beyond your own precious inner experiences." -Stella Adler
"I believe women are the glue of everything." -Weili Dai
"I wasn't interested in exploiting myself." -Fawn Hall
"In a capitalist society, persons who create capital, like Michael Eisner, are given the staggering rewards." -Carroll O'Connor
"When you love someone, you care about them. If they have a disaster, you don't abandon them." -Julie Nixon Eisenhower
"Most people are happy being average. Most are happy being faceless in a sea of faces." -Robert Kiyosaki
"If the opposition disarms, well and good. If it refuses to disarm, we shall disarm it ourselves." -Joseph Stalin
"I have come to the conclusion that the most important element in human life is faith." -Rose Kennedy
"I played basketball and soccer my freshman year in high school." -Mia Hamm
"It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both." -Niccolo Machiavelli
"People are where they are because that is exactly where they really want to be - whether they will admit that or not." -Earl Nightingale
"Perfection is the child of time." -Joseph Hall
"I think I would make a lousy stay-at-home mom. It just wouldn't suit me." -Claire Danes
"Being a good actor isn't easy. Being a man is even harder. I want to be both before I'm done." -James Dean
"You know, I'm a curvy woman and I just want to be comfortable with that." -Fergie
"I'm really into natural and organic products." -Chanel Iman
"A contented mind is the greatest blessing a man can enjoy in this world." -Joseph Addison
"The theatre was created to tell people the truth about life and the social situation." -Stella Adler
"The only journey is the one within." -Rainer Maria Rilke
"You can hype a questionable product for a little while, but you'll never build an enduring business." -Victor Kiam
"Everyone knows the more you chase something the faster it runs and the more you ignore something the faster it comes." -Roshon Fegan
"I had to work to eat. I couldn't even complete a basic elementary education." -Angel Cabrera
"I am in you and you in me, mutual in divine love." -William Blake
"The cool part of being an entertainer is getting the opportunity to get your feet wet in all areas." -Paula Abdul
"I am best viewed from a distance." -Jenny Eclair
"All films speak to their times. It becomes obvious only after." -Mark Gatiss
"When I left college, I was out of work for three years. I had this dream of being on 'SNL,' and that was all I could imagine." -Josh Gad
"I have to say... Justine Bateman may be the most underrated sitcom actress ever." -Ron Eldard
"I was a girl from Massapequa, New York. I grew up in Massapequa. I lived in a basement with one window." -Jessica Hahn
"Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
"Great love affairs start with Champagne and end with tisane." -Honore de Balzac
"It is certain, in any case, that ignorance, allied with power, is the most ferocious enemy justice can have." -James A. Baldwin
"What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well." -Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"My parents were born abroad. I was born in France, but I feel comfortable everywhere - I don't see the borders." -JR
"The first crocodile I ever caught was at nine years of age, and it was a rescue." -Steve Irwin
"I also think that I had great mechanics." -Dennis Eckersley
"Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it." -Rene Descartes
"You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus." -Mark Twain
"A new command I give you: Love one another. As I have loved you, so you must love one another." -Jesus Christ
"It sounds really stupid, I hate making cosmic comments like this but, I just let it do what it wants to do." -Danny Elfman
"There is no greater distance than that between a man in prayer and God." -Ivan Illich
"Roast beef, medium, is not only a food. It is a philosophy." -Edna Ferber
"I love the unknown." -Cindy Gallop
"In Parliament we debate on and we decide the laws that are going to govern the country." -Diane Abbott
"Some folks look at me and see a certain swagger, which in Texas is called 'walking.'" -George W. Bush
"I always dreamed of being Maria in The Sound of Music." -Victoria Jackson
"It's okay to eat fish because they don't have any feelings." -Kurt Cobain
"And I had a big opportunity with Richard Brooks, The Professionals, which is really a magnificent movie." -Claudia Cardinale
"I mean, technology is amoral. It has no morality." -Robert Ballard
"I never wonder to see men wicked, but I often wonder to see them not ashamed." -Jonathan Swift
"Well, I think it's important to stand as an advocate for the mentally ill." -Linda Hamilton
"The universe is an example of love. Like a tree. Like the ocean. Like my body. Like my wheelchair. I see the love." -Ram Dass
"We have seen economic growth. But we have not seen earnings growth." -Mike Farrell
"I started acting pretty young, so I haven't had too many odd jobs. But I used to sell candy out of my locker in middle school." -Paul Dano
"There are certain things I want to keep to me. I don't discuss my private life." -Aaliyah
"My family was very musical. My brother is an opera singer; my parents both sang." -Blythe Danner
"The art of politics is knowing what to do next." -James P. Cannon
"In the best of all worlds everyone in the Embassy is doing something to assist U.S. exports." -Lawrence Eagleburger
"I kept quiet for eight years. I did not want to hurt the church." -Jessica Hahn
"If it were not for the presents, an elopement would be preferable." -George Ade
"I would love to go help baby sea turtles back into the ocean after hatching in Mexico." -Tamara Feldman
"I believe much trouble would be saved if we opened our hearts more." -Chief Joseph
"I really hate those books where the murderer turns out to be somebody you never heard of who pops up in the last chapter." -Jane Haddam
"Faith is to believe what you do not see; the reward of this faith is to see what you believe." -Saint Augustine
"In aptitude tests, I scored highest in music." -Conrad Hall
"Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things." -Peter Drucker
"One of the dreariest spots on life's road is the point of conviction that nothing will ever again happen to you." -Faith Baldwin
"He that will not apply new remedies must expect new evils; for time is the greatest innovator." -Francis Bacon
"In the landscape of extinction, precision is next to godliness." -Samuel Beckett
"It is a universal principle that you get more of what you think about, talk about, and feel strongly about." -Jack Canfield
"It is the patriotic duty of every man to lie for his country." -Alfred Adler
"A team will always appreciate a great individual if he's willing to sacrifice for the group." -Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
"In abortion, the person who is massacred, physically and morally, is the woman." -Italo Calvino
"I've come to this conclusion: What makes a great actor is great need. A huge need of acting." -Simon Callow
"Decide where and when you want to write. I like space, and silence is an inspiration to me." -Cecelia Ahern
"The greatest discovery of my generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind." -Lee Iacocca
"Love is the one thing in life that makes everything worthwhile." -Carrie Ann Inaba
"The end of reading is not more books but more life." -Holbrook Jackson
"It's a privilege to present 'Late Night Live'. No radio program, anywhere on Earth, casts a wider net." -Phillip Adams
"To the lover of wilderness, Alaska is one of the most wonderful countries in the world." -John Muir
"Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there." -Bo Jackson
"So I always figured I'd still be playing at this age." -Lionel Hampton
"Terrorism is a horrible thing that is the great threat to civilization on our planet." -Walter Isaacson
"Life is a series of collisions with the future; it is not the sum of what we have been, but what we yearn to be." -Jose Ortega y Gasset
"The lies we tell ourselves are the most subtle of all lies." -Lewis B. Smedes
"Contrast is what makes photography interesting." -Conrad Hall
"Never underestimate the intelligence of the audience; make good programmes, and they will come." -Armando Iannucci
"Too bad all the people who know how to run this country are busy running taxicabs or cutting hair." -George Burns
"No collection without compensation." -Jeff Rich
"My heroes are the camera crew and the electricians. They work such long hours." -Adam Baldwin
"I like situations that push a character to the edge." -Claire Cameron
"When I came up, guys like Nicholson and DeNiro were held in highest regard." -Peter Gallagher
"In order to be great, you just have to care. You have to care about your world, community, and equality." -Katori Hall
"I think women can be as cruel as men, and men as tender as women, and vice versa." -Aaron Eckhart
"Military people do not get what they want by being emotional." -Jennifer Hale
"I'm such an L.A. boy, I love hanging out by the beach and throwing some steaks on the grill." -Eric Balfour
"Those who are silent, self-effacing and attentive become the recipients of confidences." -Thornton Wilder
"Someday they may cure MS, that idiot thing. It gets in there and they can't get it out." -Teri Garr
"Each one of us interprets various stimuli according to our own personal sensibility." -Stefano Gabbana
"I don't watch television. I know better than that." -Tom Baker
"Only in Washington does a decrease in the proposed increase equal a spending cut." -Larry Elder
"Kindness has converted more sinners than zeal, eloquence, or learning." -Frederick William Faber
"The oil under Libya is the champagne of oil, drop for drop the world's most valuable." -Annie Jacobsen
"I like dark comedies. That's why I like the Wayans Brothers." -Zach Galifianakis
"I legit can not parallel park. This is no joke!" -Jennifer Damiano
"I accept chaos, I'm not sure whether it accepts me." -Bob Dylan
"Saturday morning, you knew what was cool by what was on 'Soul Train.'" -Nick Cannon
"Belief is the death of intelligence." -Robert Anton Wilson
"The U.S. withdrawal from the Kyoto protocol endangers the entire process." -Laurent Fabius
"We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future." -George Bernard Shaw
"I used to listen to the soap operas with my grandmother." -Bob Edwards
"Only the guy who isn't rowing has time to rock the boat." -Jean-Paul Sartre
"Farce treats the improbable as probable, the impossible as possible." -George Pierce Baker
"How success changes the opinion of men!" -Maria Edgeworth
"Freedom is nothing but a chance to be better." -Albert Camus
"Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind, And therefore is winged Cupid painted blind." -William Shakespeare
"The past speaks to us in a thousand voices, warning and comforting, animating and stirring to action." -Felix Adler
"Writing with you is the only thing that keeps me alive." -David Hackworth
"I am a lover for sure. I love to be loved." -Julio Iglesias
"Right, different generations come along, and discover the music, I think." -Wanda Jackson
"Get mad, then get over it." -Colin Powell
"I like men who are more in their heads." -Kelli Garner
"Canadians send us great hockey players. You also send us wonderful performers, from the beginning, with Mary Pickford." -Jamie Farr
"If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right." -Henry Ford
"I started tapping and I was okay. Then after about two years my feet knew what they were doing!" -Adam Garcia
"Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how you're going to live your life." -Joel Osteen
"Youth is incredible because you really do feel invincible." -Paul Stanley
"I don't know if there are words to describe my motivation." -Lorrie Fair
"We must rediscover the distinction between hope and expectation." -Ivan Illich
"Hollywood is the kind of place that takes what you do well in one thing and manufactures it so the joy can be taken out of it." -Josh Gad
"Vince or Brad or Benicio would say, Maybe we should try this, and Guy was open to changes." -Dennis Farina
"Experience is the teacher of all things." -Julius Caesar
"Man, I don't want to have nothing to do with computers. I don't want the government in my business." -Erykah Badu
"I spend hours mowing the lawn in absolutely straight lines on my tractor. If it's not right, I do it again." -Britt Ekland
"Patience means restraining one's inclinations." -Tokugawa Ieyasu
"It's more fun to arrive a conclusion than to justify it." -Malcolm Forbes
"Recession is when a neighbor loses his job. Depression is when you lose yours." -Ronald Reagan
"I have suffered from being misunderstood, but I would have suffered a hell of a lot more if I had been understood." -Clarence Darrow
"Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations." -Leo Buscaglia
"Liverpool fans were great to me, I still live near the city and they always come up and shake my hand." -Paul Ince
"The truth is always less interesting than the fiction." -Jean-Pierre Dardenne
"Life's pretty good, and why wouldn't it be? I'm a pirate, after all." -Johnny Depp
"One cannot be always laughing at a man without now and then stumbling on something witty." -Jane Austen
"I'm not especially interested in actors or their life, double, triple identities and all that." -Leos Carax
"When I was a teenager, my idol was the Dutch footballer Johan Cruyff. He's the only person I've ever asked for an autograph." -Ferran Adria
"Young people are so often dissed by the media." -Hugh Bonneville
"Every truth has two sides; it is as well to look at both, before we commit ourselves to either." -Aesop
"The classy gangster is a Hollywood invention." -Orson Welles
"So I went to English school, secondary English school, so forget going to Mecca for my religious education." -Abdullah Ahmad Badawi
"You must realize that one day you will die. Until then you are worthless." -Chuck Palahniuk
"You don't want to diminish anybody's pain and suffering." -James Callis
"The time has come to put an end to the fratricidal war and to recover at last peace and accord." -Bao Dai
"I wake up at 5 a.m. every day and go to bed early." -Scott Caan
"The only place opportunity cannot be found is in a closed-minded person." -Bo Bennett
"If I was to put a little flag in everywhere I've been in the world, there'd be a lot of little flags." -Charles Dance
"Money has never been an issue with me. I will make and continue to make plenty of money." -MC Hammer
"Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it." -Lao Tzu
"Material Girls was so different for me, I'd never done a teen movie." -Lukas Haas
"If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader." -John Quincy Adams
"Every record, you've got more experiences to draw on as a writer and a musician." -Jerry Cantrell
"Money is not the only answer, but it makes a difference." -Barack Obama
"The entertainment business remains a business of blockbusters, and increasingly so." -Anita Elberse
"Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never did and it never will." -Frederick Douglass
"Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own." -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"Photography can never grow up if it imitates some other medium. It has to walk alone; it has to be itself." -Berenice Abbott
"All men's miseries derive from not being able to sit in a quiet room alone." -Blaise Pascal
"No one can get an education, for of necessity education is a continuing process." -Louis L'Amour
"The reason that the all-American boy prefers beauty to brains is that he can see better than he can think." -Farrah Fawcett
"I've often been the guy who doesn't get the girl." -Hugh Bonneville
"I did commercials and voice-overs as a kid, and it just lead to musical theatre opportunities." -Jennifer Damiano
"Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain." -Lily Tomlin
"If you're at an award ceremony, you're against your mates." -Imelda Staunton
"And then ESPN fired me. I did not think that was a fitting punishment." -Gregg Easterbrook
"I'm really laid back but I still like to dress up sometimes." -Allyson Felix
"I like to think of sales as the ability to gracefully persuade, not manipulate, a person or persons into a win-win situation." -Bo Bennett
"I have a tremendous battle with melancholy and depression." -Sebastian Faulks
"The British have slang words, as we do, but it was fun." -Dennis Farina
"Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe." -H. G. Wells
"I was never an A student, but I was really well behaved until I was 13 or so." -Colin Farrell
"In real life, I'm so brutally honest that it almost works against me sometimes." -Holland Roden
"We were happily married for eight months. Unfortunately, we were married for four and a half years." -Nick Faldo
"Women have begun to see that if I go through that doorway, I take everybody through it." -Dianne Feinstein
"Fitting in is boring. But it takes you nearly your whole life to work that out." -Clare Balding
"When I turned 19 I kinda realized that I needed to write my own songs instead of singing songs written by other people." -Colbie Caillat
"Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them." -James A. Baldwin
"I want to be an actor, and I am being an actor. I'm not ready to run off on a road trip. Yet." -Liane Balaban
"We knew that you don't get to be world champions without a struggle." -Eric Cantona
"I started acting in my parents living room when I was five years old." -Megan Gallagher
"Reducing the price of cancer drugs is a humanitarian move." -Yusuf Hamied
"I believe what makes great television is wanting to watch particular characters." -Joanna Garcia
"The best way out is always through." -Robert Frost
"I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not." -Kurt Cobain
"The difference between a hero and a coward is one step sideways." -Gene Hackman
"Nobody shoots at Santa Claus." -Samuel Butler
"The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be." -Socrates
"At the beginning it wasn't to do with the work, it was more the experience." -Charlotte Gainsbourg
"Larry Kasdan is a great director." -Brion James
"I've always liked the effect of having somebody in there who hadn't the faintest idea what was going on." -Derek Bailey
"I think every school in the world should have a sports program." -Abhishek Bachchan
"Where the roots of private virtue are diseased, the fruit of public probity cannot but be corrupt." -Felix Adler
"Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement." -W. Clement Stone
"Never pick a fight with an ugly person, they've got nothing to lose." -Robin Williams
"If you presume to love something, you must love the process of it much more than you love the finished product." -John Irving
"When I wake up in the morning, I feel just like any other insecure 24-year-old girl." -Lady Gaga
"The interior of the house personifies the private world; the exterior of it is part of the outside world." -Stephen Gardiner
"Every once in a while, when the audience is expecting to see one thing, you have to show them something else." -Conrad Hall
"The best advice I ever got was that knowledge is power and to keep reading." -David Bailey
"If you got the money honey I got the time and when you run out of money honey I run out of time." -Willie Nelson
"It's always the compliments from people you love that mean so much." -Maria Bamford
"But I guess I like playing flawed guys 'cause it gives a place for the characters to go." -Aaron Eckhart
"The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude." -Oprah Winfrey
"Whenever I think of the past, it brings back so many memories." -Steven Wright
"People like to say that the conflict is between good and evil. The real conflict is between truth and lies." -Miguel Angel Ruiz
"The conventional view serves to protect us from the painful job of thinking." -John Kenneth Galbraith
"I mean, my voice has gotten a little deeper sounding as I've gotten older, I think. I noticed that." -Alan Jackson
"Live constructively and live optimistically." -Alfred A. Montapert
"It's a funny relationship that makeup artists have. I always feel kind of like a dentist. People look at me and think of pain." -Rick Baker
"At the very least, my tastes are out of the ordinary." -Sherilyn Fenn
"I teach well. I used to really like teaching a lot. I enjoyed it a lot and I was good at it." -Art Garfunkel
"When Byrd came out of there, he had written a lot things while he was in the hospital." -Billy Eckstine
"Forty is brilliant and I love it. I'm happier now than when I was 20." -Richard Hammond
"The reason I talk to myself is that I'm the only one whose answers I accept." -George Carlin
"You're an old-timer if you can remember when setting the world on fire was a figure of speech." -Franklin P. Jones
"Here is my first principle of foreign policy: good government at home." -William E. Gladstone
"The gifts of lovers to one another are, in respect to love, nothing but forms; yet, they testify to invisible love." -Rumi
"For what human ill does not dawn seem to be an alleviation?" -Thornton Wilder
"My perfect morning is spent drinking coffee, eating porridge and reading the paper at a local cafe." -Anton du Beke
"Morale is good; troops are confident; leaders are capable." -John Abizaid
"I always equate wrestling to having been in the Marine Corps." -William Baldwin
"You treat people with greatness and greatness will come back to you." -Afrika Bambaataa
"A promise must never be broken." -Alexander Hamilton
"I was obsessed with Nancy Drew growing up - I couldn't get enough." -Alexandra Daddario
"I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong." -Bertrand Russell
"When more and more people are thrown out of work, unemployment results." -Calvin Coolidge
"Educate and inform the whole mass of the people... They are the only sure reliance for the preservation of our liberty." -Thomas Jefferson
"Exaggeration is a blood relation to falsehood and nearly as blamable." -Hosea Ballou
"Where I live if someone gives you a hug it's from the heart." -Steve Irwin
"The bedfellows politics made are never strange. It only seems that way to those who have not watched the courtship." -Marcel Achard
"Conrad Hilton was very generous to me in the divorce settlement. He gave me 5000 Gideon Bibles." -Zsa Zsa Gabor
"I'd rather be dead than singing 'Satisfaction' when I'm forty-five." -Mick Jagger
"Real freedom is having nothing. I was freer when I didn't have a cent." -Mike Tyson
"Nature is something outside our body, but the mind is within us." -Bhumibol Adulyadej
"We live in a society that blames everybody else for what's wrong." -Max Cannon
"I've never read a screenplay in advance. You trust the artist." -Beatrice Dalle
"The aim of a college education is to teach you to know a good man when you see one." -William James
"I love being a part of something that is grassroots, and you can see the actual changes, the effect of what people do." -Anthony Edwards
"We steer completely clear of anything suggestive." -Bill Haley
"The nicest thing for me is sleep, then at least I can dream." -Marilyn Monroe
"The whole process of this record was an education for me as a musician." -Kenneth Edmonds
"Always I pay. Always I pay. How do you know Gelli? What do you want? How much do you want?" -Roberto Calvi
"I got my first guitar in October of 1968. I'm self-taught." -Ernie Isley
"Winter is not a season, it's an occupation." -Sinclair Lewis
"I'm an actor. I want to do drama." -Buddy Hackett
"There is nothing like a dream to create the future." -Victor Hugo
"The trouble with born-again Christians is that they are an even bigger pain the second time around." -Herb Caen
"Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one." -Malcolm Forbes
"I have learned not to do predictions. It's not helpful, psychologically. I don't sit and fret about things." -Mumia Abu-Jamal
"People are always backing up when I'm just going to shake their hands." -James Caan
"People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals - that is, goals that do not inspire them." -Tony Robbins
"No matter where you go and what you do in America, you turn the tele on and you're confronted with violence." -Steve Irwin
"Agricultural husbandry essentially maintains the balance of bound nitrogen." -Fritz Haber
"I feel very adventurous. There are so many doors to be opened, and I'm not afraid to look behind them." -Elizabeth Taylor
"I am still far from being what I want to be, but with God's help I shall succeed." -Vincent Van Gogh
"When we talk about the brain, it is anything but unidimensional or simplistic or reductionistic." -Thomas R. Insel
"If advertising had a little more respect for the public, the public would have a lot more respect for advertising." -James Randolph Adams
"Move every day. Like taking a shower and brushing your teeth. Make it a part of your everyday life." -Randy Jackson
"Courage and grace are a formidable mixture. The only place to see it is in the bullring." -Marlene Dietrich
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." -Mark Twain
"I can only do something that my sister or my daughter, if I have one, could watch and feel positive about." -Romola Garai
"Nine tenths of education is encouragement." -Anatole France
"A child educated only at school is an uneducated child." -George Santayana
"Truth can be stated in a thousand different ways, yet each one can be true." -Swami Vivekananda
"Diamonds are nothing more than chunks of coal that stuck to their jobs." -Malcolm Forbes
"In this bright future you can't forget your past." -Bob Marley
"Mountain climbing is my passion, and to empower women through my expeditions is the reason." -Samina Baig
"No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more than pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto." -W. Clement Stone
"But what do we know of the heart nearest to our own? What do we know of our own heart?" -Amelia Barr
"It is thought that the changeover from hunter to farmer was a slow, gradual process." -Stephen Gardiner
"If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome." -Michael Jordan
"The only real power comes out of a long rifle." -Joseph Stalin
"When ideas are young and vulnerable, criticism can be lethal." -Janet Echelman
"Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world." -Lily Tomlin
"Gel doesn't work in my hair because it has a life of its own." -Troy Garity
"War is the science of destruction." -John Abbott
"The humanitarian lays stress almost solely upon breadth of knowledge and sympathy." -Irving Babbitt
"I do not believe we can blame genetics for adultery, homosexuality, dishonesty and other character flaws." -Jerry Falwell
"Behavior is the mirror in which everyone shows their image." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Are there differences between black actors' opportunities and white actors' opportunities? Yes, there are. It's been said." -Idris Elba
"I prefer love over sex." -Enrique Iglesias
"There's always going to be a separate version of you that people will create, and you have no control over it." -Rebecca Hall
"The top of one mountain is always the bottom of another." -Marianne Williamson
"And people coming up asking for autographs, there's only one time when it kind of bothers me: when I'm eating." -Enrique Iglesias
"The thirst for vengeance was the beautiful nature which Homer imitated." -Johann Georg Hamann
"Obviously, the greater the length of a war the higher is likely to be the number of casualties in it on either side." -Douglas Haig
"Both tears and sweat are salty, but they render a different result. Tears will get you sympathy; sweat will get you change." -Jesse Jackson
"We are all sentenced to solitary confinement inside our own skins, for life." -Tennessee Williams
"The only thing that white people have that black people need, or should want, is power-and no one holds power forever." -James A. Baldwin
"Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly." -John F. Kennedy
"For God so loved the World that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life." -Jesus Christ
"We continue to focus on actually solving problems that real people have and not being distracted by what power users want." -Arash Ferdowsi
"Acceptance of what has happened is the first step to overcoming the consequences of any misfortune." -William James
"Being in the same room with people and creating something together is a good thing." -Robin Williams
"If you want to understand what is going on in the White House today, you have to begin with Barack Obama." -Dinesh D'Souza
"When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable." -Walt Disney
"On a personal level, we all get along fine." -Alex Van Halen
"If the past has been an obstacle and a burden, knowledge of the past is the safest and the surest emancipation." -John Acton
"Fear is the passion of slaves." -Patrick Henry
"Excellence is a continuous process and not an accident." -A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
"Singing is an arduous business and it needs sacrifices." -Lesley Garrett
"Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul." -Douglas MacArthur
"My mother is a survivor who's had a lot of things happen in her life that have been very trying." -Michael C. Hall
"I'm a huge Michael J. Fox fan." -Holland Roden
"Love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction." -Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"Music is well said to be the speech of angels." -Thomas Carlyle
"One who knows how to show and to accept kindness will be a friend better than any possession." -Sophocles
"When the tour is done, that's the end of the U.S. tour. We'll regroup and see what we're going to do." -Alex Van Halen
"I play keyboards and sing. I've written a couple of songs too." -Corey Haim
"I remember when the candle shop burned down. Everyone stood around singing 'Happy Birthday.'" -Steven Wright
"So I submit to my colleagues here today that hydrogen is not as far away as we think it is." -Bob Inglis
"Love is often the fruit of marriage." -Moliere
"Modeling was something I wanted to try from a really young age." -Jacquelyn Jablonski
"We must act out passion before we can feel it." -Jean-Paul Sartre
"You learn about equality in history and civics, but you find out life is not really like that." -Arthur Ashe
"Very old fashioned to say that they will be well behaved but I think it's very important." -Abdullah Ahmad Badawi
"I probably had the most fun recording For Richer For Poorer in Nashville." -Mark Edwards
"It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife." -Jane Austen
"By the end of high school I was not of course an educated man, but I knew how to try to become one." -Clifton Fadiman
"Dearest TV media and vans outside my home, please do not stress and work so hard." -Amitabh Bachchan
"The feelings of my smallness and my nothingness always kept me good company." -Pope John XXIII
"I dream in color, and I have visions of feelings and energies that I would love to feel." -Uzo Aduba
"The world dies over and over again, but the skeleton always gets up and walks." -Henry Miller
"Men willingly believe what they wish." -Julius Caesar
"Corruption never has been compulsory." -Anthony Eden
"I think professional sports, football, to use it as an example, it's fundamentally a form of entertainment." -Gregg Easterbrook
"Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind." -Bruce Lee
"We give you characters we'd feel very comfortable judging, and then go: 'Oh yeah? Watch this'." -Paul Haggis
"Some say the world will end in fire, some say in ice." -Robert Frost
"Whatever you are, be a good one." -Abraham Lincoln
"Ultimately, man should not ask what the meaning of his life is, but rather he must recognize that it is he who is asked." -Viktor E. Frankl
"My biggest regret is that I didn't teach my two children how to speak Spanish." -Henry Darrow
"I was a brat. It was crazy, I was very picky. In other words, I didn't take advantage of what was happening." -Sherilyn Fenn
"Picture-taking is an ensemble art - like theater." -Ansel Elgort
"Maybe some people thought I was 'safe' so they didn't really bothered to vote for me at all." -Chris Daughtry
"Manipulating shadows and tonality is like writing music or a poem." -Conrad Hall
"I can't even picture being without rock 'n'roll." -Hank Ballard
"Like all science, psychology is knowledge; and like science again, it is knowledge of a definite thing, the mind." -James Mark Baldwin
"For me, literature is a way of enlarging myself by learning about people who are not like me." -Anne Fadiman
"A lot of people don't know the first time I was ever on national television I was a 'Soul Train' dancer." -Nick Cannon
"I love kids and children, and I love being a mom." -Jennie Garth
"My soul can find no staircase to Heaven unless it be through Earth's loveliness." -Michelangelo
"My life has been a series of emergencies." -Lana Turner
"Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear." -Albert Camus
"I don't love dolls. I love women. I love their bodies." -John Galliano
"Knock wood, but I started acting professionally when I was 16, and I've always been able to support myself since then." -Anthony Edwards
"Being a superhero is a lot of fun." -Chris Hemsworth
"Know when to tune out, if you listen to too much advice you may wind up making other peoples mistakes." -Ann Landers
"Forgiving the men who killed my parents and brother was a process, a journey into deeper and deeper prayer." -Immaculee Ilibagiza
"Just remember, once you're over the hill you begin to pick up speed." -Arthur Schopenhauer
"It is easier for a father to have children than for children to have a real father." -Pope John XXIII
"I came to Hollywood originally writing comedy and writing satire." -Stephen Gaghan
"I am able to follow my own death step by step. Now I move softly towards the end." -Pope John XXIII
"I'm tired of justifying what I've said." -Jose Canseco
"The aim of marketing is to know and understand the customer so well the product or service fits him and sells itself." -Peter Drucker
"Life is to be entered upon with courage." -Alexis de Tocqueville
"I have learned to hate all traitors, and there is no disease that I spit on more than treachery." -Aeschylus
"When the anchorman is wearing a colonel's uniform, it tells you something." -Linda Ellerbee
"The difference between film and TV is the pace. You don't have the leisure of time in television." -Alan Ball
"We need real campaign finance reform to loosen the grip of special interests on politics." -Tom Daschle
"People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf." -George Orwell
"Death makes angels of us all and gives us wings where we had shoulders smooth as ravens claws." -Jim Morrison
"It's always a Catch-22 situation. They hate you if you're the same, and they hate you if you're different." -Eddie Van Halen
"They can conquer who believe they can." -Virgil
"I found it very difficult to explain to someone why you did a film. It's not like having a conversation." -Charlotte Gainsbourg
"Can any of you seriously say the Bill of Rights could get through Congress today? It wouldn't even get out of committee." -F. Lee Bailey
"I believe the first test of a truly great man is in his humility." -John Ruskin
"Nothing is more despicable than a professional talker who uses his words as a quack uses his remedies." -Francois Fenelon
"I don't excercise. If God had wanted me to bend over, he would have put diamonds on the floor." -Joan Rivers
"Our reason arises, at the very least, from this twofold lesson of sensuous revelations and human testimonies." -Johann Georg Hamann
"Culture is something that we all share, and we are all the poorer for anyone excluded from it." -Lee Hall
"Love is a sickness full of woes, All remedies refusing; A plant that with most cutting grows, Most barren with best using." -Samuel Daniel
"I wasn't very ambitious. I really wanted to get married." -Amanda Eliasch
"Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers." -Voltaire
"I've been writing stories since I was a kid. I love writing stories." -Randa Abdel-Fattah
"Well, I don't have anything to say to Mr. Sneddon, you know? Nothing at all." -Tito Jackson
"I'm sorry I'm not gay or Jewish, so I don't have a special interest group of journalists that support me." -Vincent Gallo
"Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Women, we might as well be dogs baying the moon as petitioners without the right to vote!" -Susan B. Anthony
"I have learnt to be even more patient." -Roger Federer
"Sarcasm helps me overcome the harshness of the reality we live, eases the pain of scars and makes people smile." -Mahmoud Darwish
"Man does not control his own fate. The women in his life do that for him." -Groucho Marx
"War is God's way of teaching Americans geography." -Ambrose Bierce
"Astonishment is the root of philosophy." -Paul Tillich
"We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do." -Mother Teresa
"Real vision demands that we make tough choices. Real vision is responsible and it is paid for." -Michael F. Easley
"I think the beauty of working with young people is they remind you of the spirit of acting and it's just a big play." -Eric Bana
"Live so that your friends can defend you but never have to." -Arnold H. Glasow
"Let your emotions come out. If your behavior is flat, your game will be flat, too." -Hale Irwin
"I was a bratty little sister. I was the youngest of three, and I often felt as though I didn't fit in." -Dorothy Hamill
"I'm not interested in making a $60-million studio film with a bunch of 24-year-olds telling me what to do." -Bruce Campbell
"Imaginary evils are incurable." -Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
"I think I was always a drama queen. I really, really, really loved playing pretend." -Kathryn Hahn
"I was a postman one Christmas and I developed a morbid fear of dogs." -Diane Abbott
"When you sing gospel you have a feeling there is a cure for what's wrong." -Mahalia Jackson
"Bush has never sent over a balanced budget." -Chaka Fattah
"I thank God, Jesus, and my Grandmother for being able to support myself and my family." -Steven Adler
"My whole family is very artistic - my uncles are all actors and theatre directors." -Morena Baccarin
"The misery in war-torn Afghanistan is reminiscent of images from the Thirty Years' War." -Jurgen Habermas
"Not everyone can say, 'I'm going to write a classic today.' If that was the case, we'd all be doing it." -Liam Gallagher
"The spectacles of experience; through them you will see clearly a second time." -Henrik Ibsen
"We cannot make events. Our business is wisely to improve them." -Samuel Adams
"Among the children of God, it was they who were most able to rightly divide the word of truth." -John Nelson Darby
"The law, in our case, seems to make the right; and the very reverse ought to be done - the right should make the law." -Maria Edgeworth
"You don't get to choose how you're going to die, or when. You can only decide how you're going to live. Now." -Joan Baez
"I don't know now if I'm funny. I just keep talking and hope that I hit something that's funny." -Craig Ferguson
"I took a long period off to be a mom." -Mia Farrow
"Television made a lot of difference in country music. It's progress. I believe in progress." -Roy Acuff
"I received my parents' permission and went into the Navy on June 3, 1941." -Jack Adams
"Everything that I've ever been able to accomplish in skating and in life has come out of adversity and perseverance." -Scott Hamilton
"First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do." -Epictetus
"They asked me to write it and zoomed me over there to do it. But they ended up sacking me." -Eddie Campbell
"Not to go too far, but Microsoft is probably used by most people out there." -Miguel de Icaza
"In Bengal, Hindus are known to crack jokes at the expense of their gods and goddesses and that's what I did." -Sunil Gangopadhyay
"I'm crass, contemptuous and crude, obstreperous, obnoxious, rambunctiously raw and rude." -Mario Cantone
"You gotta love livin', baby, 'cause dyin' is a pain in the ass." -Frank Sinatra
"I didn't discover curves; I only uncovered them." -Mae West
"I think people are surprised to learn that I'm pretty goofy and pretty funny." -Susan Egan
"But I notice that there is a lack of darkness in my movies and I don't know where that comes from." -Lasse Hallstrom
"I'm their sole parent, and there is nothing more important than being the best father I can be." -John Edwards
"Depression scares people off. It makes me laugh that it has that kind of effect." -Siobhan Fahey
"I am very different as a parent to new kids. My work changed from being rooted in the sky to being rooted in the earth." -Peter Eisenman
"In fantasy land, I wish I could be a pro golfer. I love golf - the most frustratingly brilliant game on the planet." -Mark Hadlow
"Nothing is enough for the man to whom enough is to little." -Washington Irving
"Advertising men and politicians are dangerous if they are separated. Together they are diabolical." -Phillip Adams
"I hope I'm always convincing when I act!" -Colin Baker
"Corey feldman and I did sneak into the screening room one day during Lost Boys." -Corey Haim
"The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds, and the pessimist fears this is true." -James Branch Cabell
"The mere attempt to examine my own confusion would consume volumes." -James Agee
"Listen, the obvious thing to remember is without dark, there is no light, and without light, there is no dark." -Jessica Capshaw
"First of all, I really never imagined myself being a professional athlete." -Bo Jackson
"Unbeing dead isn't being alive." -e. e. cummings
"Just do what must be done. This may not be happiness, but it is greatness." -George Bernard Shaw
"As far as Zarqawi is concerned, there is a network of extremists; it's not just Zarqawi." -John Abizaid
"There's no evidence whatsoever that men are more rational than women. Both sexes seem to be equally irrational." -Albert Ellis
"You recognize a survivor when you see one. You recognize a fighter when you see one." -Elizabeth Edwards
"As a kid, I was heavily into martial arts and wanted to be the next Jean-Claude Van Damme." -Chris Daughtry
"It is only when men begin to worship that they begin to grow." -Calvin Coolidge
"Real patriotism is a willingness to challenge the government when it's wrong." -Ron Paul
"You always just have to be the best that you can be. And if you know that in your heart, then that's all that matters." -Bella Thorne
"In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." -Abraham Lincoln
"The direction of the mind is more important than its progress." -Joseph Joubert
"How glorious a greeting the sun gives the mountains!" -John Muir
"I want to sing simple things for the simple lives of simple people." -Julio Iglesias
"Art is not a thing; it is a way." -Elbert Hubbard
"My mother has always been unhappy with what I do. She would rather I do something nicer, like be a bricklayer." -Mick Jagger
"To me it seems that the warm blooded dinosaurs replaced advanced mammal ancestors that were warm blooded, also." -Robert T. Bakker
"It is rare that even a jazz musician finds an individual voice." -David Baker
"Do not tell secrets to those whose faith and silence you have not already tested." -Elizabeth I
"Try to be like the turtle - at ease in your own shell." -Bill Copeland
"After releasing Mono 1.0, we started work on a new edition of Mono that will be released later in the year." -Miguel de Icaza
"I cry very easily. It can be a movie, a phone conversation, a sunset - tears are words waiting to be written." -Paulo Coelho
"Humanity, you never had it to begin with." -Charles Bukowski
"You don't have to be dowdy to be a Christian." -Tammy Faye Bakker
"I ate everything - a lot of pizza, bags of chips and boxes of cookies. Now I love chicken, that's all I eat." -Robert Iler
"It is better to understand little than to misunderstand a lot." -Anatole France
"I'm not set on a pedestal where I think I'm too high and mighty." -Naomi Campbell
"Running with the wrong crowd will never help you." -Ryan Cabrera
"When a man's best friend is his dog, that dog has a problem." -Edward Abbey
"If you're a boy, you always want to be in a western; and any actor I know would like to be in a horror." -Timothy Dalton
"I have been up against tough competition all my life. I wouldn't know how to get along without it." -Walt Disney
"We all gonna die, we bleed from similar veins." -Tupac Shakur
"We, as a wrestling community, better remember it is more than one individual that makes a winner." -Dan Gable
"It's better to be unhappy alone than unhappy with someone - so far." -Marilyn Monroe
"No matter who or what you support, I believe in supporting fairness first." -Jennette McCurdy
"Some people think I'm a total moron and I would hope most people think I'm very good at what I do." -Dan Abrams
"The true and solid peace of nations consists not in equality of arms, but in mutual trust alone." -Pope John XXIII
"I'm a proud Australian, a very, very proud Australian." -Steve Irwin
"I don't want to be that parent that puts my kids into what I think they should be in, you know what I mean?" -Chris Daughtry
"It's definitely more fun playing a bad guy. It feels a lot better than playing one of the good guys." -Tom Felton
"European fisheries are a disaster. The American fisheries are well-kept." -Roger Daltrey
"I feel a buzzing at the base of my neck. It's like I'm on eternal 'vibrate' in case of an emergency." -John Edward
"I have thought that I have seen ghosts on many occasions." -Taylor Caldwell
"The individual who can do something that the world wants done will, in the end, make his way regardless of his race." -Booker T. Washington
"Shakespeare is the happy hunting ground of all minds that have lost their balance." -James Joyce
"If you have a great product but no one knows about it, it's history." -Tony Fernandes
"I realize my arms aren't as toned as Halle Berry's but I don't want them to be." -Olivia Munn
"Sad people dislike the happy, and the happy the sad; the quick thinking the sedate, and the careless the busy and industrious." -Horace
"TV is so seductive with a great workday. You're going to work and making people laugh, and that's fantastic." -Jillian Bach
"Chaos is a name for any order that produces confusion in our minds." -George Santayana
"It really is impossible not to like him. His success was his failure." -Arthur C. Danto
"I could have a roomful of awards and it wouldn't mean beans." -Bobby Darin
"There are many sham diamonds in this life which pass for real, and vice versa." -William Makepeace Thackeray
"The liquidation of colonialism is a trend of the times which no force can hold back." -Kim Jong Il
"Even as a footballer, I was always being creative." -Eric Cantona
"To be idle is a short road to death and to be diligent is a way of life; foolish people are idle, wise people are diligent." -Buddha
"All our sweetest hours fly fastest." -Virgil
"I have a memory like an elephant. I remember every elephant I've ever met." -Herb Caen
"Surround yourself with people who take their work seriously, but not themselves, those who work hard and play hard." -Colin Powell
"Productivity is being able to do things that you were never able to do before." -Franz Kafka
"I never won anything by myself. I was always strong because of help that gave me extra strength to win." -Dan Gable
"I grew up very much in a sporting background. I always wanted to be an actor, but my escapism always came in sports." -Bradley James
"I'm certainly driven, I hate losing, I can be ruthless and short-tempered and terribly competitive." -Alastair Campbell
"Never let your sense of morals get in the way of doing what's right." -Isaac Asimov
"There is only one day left, always starting over: it is given to us at dawn and taken away from us at dusk." -Jean-Paul Sartre
"Right actions in the future are the best apologies for bad actions in the past." -Tryon Edwards
"To deny people their human rights is to challenge their very humanity." -Nelson Mandela
"Working out is incredibly boring. I swear it's true that the bigger your muscles get, the fewer brain cells you have." -Christian Bale
"Wisdom is oftentimes nearer when we stoop than when we soar." -William Wordsworth
"Did they preach one thing and practice another, these men of God?" -Roald Dahl
"I'm sorry, if you were right, I'd agree with you." -Robin Williams
"By a lie, a man... annihilates his dignity as a man." -Immanuel Kant
"Only the dead have seen the end of the war." -George Santayana
"There are two kinds of stones, as everyone knows, one of which rolls." -Amelia Earhart
"What is right to be done cannot be done too soon." -Jane Austen
"You don't need anybody to tell you who you are or what you are. You are what you are!" -John Lennon
"Gratitude is the sign of noble souls." -Aesop
"There is only one rule for being a good talker - learn to listen." -Christopher Morley
"Reason obeys itself; and ignorance submits to whatever is dictated to it." -Thomas Paine
"When the seagulls follow the trawler, it is because they think sardines will be thrown into the sea." -Eric Cantona
"I was very much of a tomboy." -Suzanne Farrell
"There are no rebels in the cinema business." -Beatrice Dalle
"My 'fear' is my substance, and probably the best part of me." -Franz Kafka
"No man really knows about other human beings. The best he can do is to suppose that they are like himself." -John Steinbeck
"Better late than never." -Matthew Henry
"You'll never do a whole lot unless you're brave enough to try." -Dolly Parton
"I think the deepest problem is between my parents and me. I just don't know if it will ever be the same." -LaToya Jackson
"So: we're all tired. Now what? Manuscripts written in Club Med?" -Brian Ferneyhough
"I am closer to a European viewpoint of the world than an American one. My ethics and ideals are based on European concepts." -Bianca Jagger
"The men that is now is only all palaver and what they can get out of you." -James Joyce
"If we boost productivity, we can improve economic growth." -Tony Abbott
"Selfishness is not living as one wishes to live, it is asking others to live as one wishes to live." -Oscar Wilde
"The only thing better than going to Pitcairn in the first place, is going again." -Billy Campbell
"I like to help create team spirit in the dressing room. I feel that I've got loads of love to give." -Paul Gascoigne
"If you find someone you love in your life, then hang on to that love." -Princess Diana
"When I'm dancing with any woman, I immediately get rid of intimacy barriers. I just give her a big hug and crack on." -Anton du Beke
"I care not what others think of what I do, but I care very much about what I think of what I do! That is character!" -Theodore Roosevelt
"Every positive value has its price in negative terms... the genius of Einstein leads to Hiroshima." -Pablo Picasso
"Many have changed so much that they have lost the magic of the dream that carried them on their own bootstraps." -Peter Abrahams
"I called it Rockabilly 'cause I was rocking the strums, which you're not supposed to do." -Dick Dale
"I don't enjoy anything while I'm doing it. I enjoy having done things, though." -Marty Feldman
"He who does not understand your silence will probably not understand your words." -Elbert Hubbard
"In the midst of movement and chaos, keep stillness inside of you." -Deepak Chopra
"And hail their queen, fair regent of the night." -Erasmus Darwin
"One of my weaknesses is that I actually have a conscience." -Sean Combs
"All cruel people describe themselves as paragons of frankness." -Tennessee Williams
"Concentrated power is not rendered harmless by the good intentions of those who create it." -Milton Friedman
"Must is a hard nut to crack, but it has a sweet kernel." -Charles Spurgeon
"If you don't try, if you don't do something for yourself, you won't get anywhere." -Bobby Darin
"Each success only buys an admission ticket to a more difficult problem." -Henry A. Kissinger
"I was, like, this token teen angst child of Broadway. It's so funny. What is that? I don't even know. But I loved it." -Jennifer Damiano
"Macho does not prove mucho." -Zsa Zsa Gabor
"I've never felt like I had anything important to say." -Noel Gallagher
"Who has sent you against me? Who has told you to do this thing?" -Roberto Calvi
"It is better to kill one hundred innocents than to let one guilty person go." -Dolores Ibarruri
"We can learn much from wise words, little from wisecracks, and less from wise guys." -William Arthur Ward
"I like necklaces that are short, the way skateboarders used to wear them in the seventies." -Elle Fanning
"As a woman, I believe you have to embrace your body, and feel beautiful both inside and out." -Tamara Ecclestone
"I get very nervous about not being around the office." -Arash Ferdowsi
"I am unboreable in the great outdoors." -P. J. O'Rourke
"I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine." -Bruce Lee
"If you have no critics you'll likely have no success." -Malcolm X
"It's sometimes said that I'm rebellious and I do things to push people's buttons, but I just like the challenge." -Marc Jacobs
"People like rules, or at least the appearance of rules, even in fantasy." -Raymond E. Feist
"So if you stay ready, you ain't gotta get ready, and that is how I run my life." -Will Smith
"The difficulty with telling stories about real people is you have to find a way of mixing yourself into the matter." -Olivier Dahan
"Accuracy of statement is one of the first elements of truth; inaccuracy is a near kin to falsehood." -Tryon Edwards
"The trade magazine and all was banned in my house. The first time I read a film magazine was when I was 18." -Abhishek Bachchan
"It does get old to have to always be a monkey in a zoo. I don't know what it's like any more to be anonymous." -Kevin Bacon
"Widespread caffeine use explains a lot about the twentieth century." -Greg Egan
"I would say try to tell stories that you care about as opposed to stories that you think will sell." -Alan Ball
"It is good to be without vices, but it is not good to be without temptations." -Walter Bagehot
"I think they are very important because westerns have a code and a symbolism." -Aaron Eckhart
"My family came from Ecuador." -Jose Garces
"Rule No.1: Never lose money. Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1." -Warren Buffett
"The one thing we can never get enough of is love. And the one thing we never give enough is love." -Henry Miller
"I like to feel that I understand little things about sports." -Bill James
"I don't like fancy fiddly girlie stuff." -Simon Baker
"I don't pretend to be captain weird. I just do what I do." -Johnny Depp
"The enemies of freedom do not argue; they shout and they shoot." -William Ralph Inge
"The better the information it has, the better democracy works. Silence and secrecy are never good for it." -Kate Adie
"There is not any memory with less satisfaction than the memory of some temptation we resisted." -James Branch Cabell
"Words are potent weapons for all causes, good or bad." -Manly Hall
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you." -Walt Whitman
"How old would you be if you didn't know how old you are?" -Satchel Paige
"To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities." -Bruce Lee
"Between two evils, choose neither; between two goods, choose both." -Tryon Edwards
"Everybody wants to do something to help, but nobody wants to be first." -Pearl Bailey
"I like Frenchmen very much, because even when they insult you they do it so nicely." -Josephine Baker
"No man likes to have his intelligence or good faith questioned, especially if he has doubts about it himself." -Henry Adams
"I like to start the day early, it keeps me out of trouble." -Glen Campbell
"I'm in love with one woman. I've been in love with one woman for 31 years. She is the finest human being I have ever known." -John Edwards
"Uncertainty is a sign of humility, and humility is just the ability or the willingness to learn." -Charlie Sheen
"The man who has no imagination has no wings." -Muhammad Ali
"Buy tabloids. Celebrity gossip is engrossing. Celebrity cellulite can make you forget turbulence." -Julia Cameron
"I don't like long tours. I find it much easier to go out for a short spurt every month." -Bryan Adams
"I've grown up a lot, I'm on my own, and I've learned some valuable life lessons." -Zac Efron
"It's not just dead men who tell no tales. Live ones don't have much to say for themselves, either." -Michael Feldman
"I think that's what keeps you grounded - having your own life that's not directed by your job." -Phil Daniels
"Being number two sucks." -Andre Agassi
"Scratch a dog and you'll find a permanent job." -Franklin P. Jones
"We certainly will prepare consciously and professionally, but still you cannot predict the future." -Laurent Jalabert
"Maxwell is serious, dedicated, awkward, forgetful, pompous to a certain degree, sentimental." -Don Adams
"If you can sell green toothpaste in this country, you can sell opera." -Sarah Caldwell
"The more responsibility the Scoutmaster gives his patrol leaders, the more they will respond." -Robert Baden-Powell
"I've always had a problem with people who couldn't tell the truth or admit a mistake and say they're wrong." -Burt Bacharach
"Sweater, n.: garment worn by child when its mother is feeling chilly." -Ambrose Bierce
"The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities." -Stephen Covey
"I don't watch reality TV. I'm cool." -Dave Attell
"Jump, and you will find out how to unfold your wings as you fall." -Ray Bradbury
"Poetry is all that is worth remembering in life." -William Hazlitt
"All wars are civil wars, because all men are brothers." -Francois Fenelon
"One of my theories is that men love with their eyes; women love with their ears." -Zsa Zsa Gabor
"When Solomon said there was a time and a place for everything he had not encountered the problem of parking his automobile." -Bob Edwards
"Men have become the tools of their tools." -Henry David Thoreau
"I always loved comedy but I didn't start formally until I was in college." -Ana Gasteyer
"Beware of little expenses. A small leak will sink a great ship." -Benjamin Franklin
"Good night, good night! Parting is such sweet sorrow, that I shall say good night till it be morrow." -William Shakespeare
"A little of what you call frippery is very necessary towards looking like the rest of the world." -Abigail Adams
"I have never really been confident about my career at any stage." -Amitabh Bachchan
"If I'm too strong for some people, that's their problem." -Glenda Jackson
"Raising a child is an on-the-job kind of thing. There aren't a whole lot of manuals for that." -Larry Elder
"There was never any danger of Business 2.0 ever going under." -James Daly
"I do cardio, but I don't like it as much. I'd rather do weights." -Gal Gadot
"Show business is one of those things that people can use to get themselves out of the lower rung of society." -Taylor Hackford
"You know, I try not to look back, because looking forward is so much better than looking backward." -Jim Bakker
"What is the good of your stars and trees, your sunrise and the wind, if they do not enter into our daily lives?" -E. M. Forster
"But the real secret to lifelong good health is actually the opposite: Let your body take care of you." -Deepak Chopra
"To think one film makes a career is ridiculous. It's important to keep perspective and do things other than for money." -Anthony Edwards
"Time will tell us what we did and didn't do." -Harvey Fierstein
"Whatever poet, orator or sage may say of it, old age is still old age." -Sinclair Lewis
"My life is to sing." -Julio Iglesias
"We are all born brave, trusting and greedy, and most of us remain greedy." -Mignon McLaughlin
"Experience has shown how deeply the seeds of war are planted by economic rivalry and social injustice." -Harry S Truman
"I'm not perfect." -Brett Favre
"We have what we seek, it is there all the time, and if we give it time, it will make itself known to us." -Thomas Merton
"A man is known by the silence he keeps." -Oliver Herford
"Not only do I not know what's going on, I wouldn't know what to do about it if I did." -George Carlin
"Contraception doesn't define a woman." -Nikki Haley
"When I die, I shall soar with angels, and when I die to the angels, what I shall become you cannot imagine." -Rumi
"Bureaucracy gives birth to itself and then expects maternity benefits." -Dale Dauten
"I don't know many singers who actually do like the sound of their own voice." -Roger Daltrey
"The more enlightened our houses are, the more their walls ooze ghosts." -Italo Calvino
"Die? I should say not, dear fellow. No Barrymore would allow such a conventional thing to happen to him." -John Barrymore
"I don't really feel comfortable unless I'm slightly uncomfortable. I don't want to play myself all the time." -Janina Gavankar
"Rockefeller once explained the secret of success. 'Get up early, work late - and strike oil.'" -Joey Adams
"Actors love to act all those death scenes." -Colin Baker
"We live in a patriarchal culture. It's okay for women to be objectified but not for men." -Alan Ball
"I span the entire geek spectrum." -Joe Abercrombie
"What you are as a person is far more important than what you are as a basketball player." -John Wooden
"If you've broken the eggs, you should make the omelette." -Anthony Eden
"I swear, by my life and my love of it, that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine." -Ayn Rand
"Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you." -Jean-Paul Sartre
"With The Guess Who, it took us fifty-something singles before we had hits." -Randy Bachman
"From the stage I've seen people of all ages absolutely roaring at really good toilet humour." -Adrian Edmondson
"The Giants are looking for a trade but I don't think Atlanta wants to depart with a quality player." -Ron Fairly
"I don't have to make my own bed." -Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark
"The difference between average people and achieving people is their perception of and response to failure." -John C. Maxwell
"The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens." -Alexis de Tocqueville
"I admire pop songs that are perfect at three minutes." -David Ives
"Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart." -William Wordsworth
"Life is too short to spend hoping that the perfectly arched eyebrow or hottest new lip shade will mask an ugly heart." -Kevyn Aucoin
"I'm tired of people screaming about price and forgetting about the content." -David Baldacci
"A Failure in this Duty did once involve our Nation in all the Horrors of Rebellion and Civil War." -Charles Inglis
"As love without esteem is capricious and volatile; esteem without love is languid and cold." -Jonathan Swift
"If some great catastrophe is not announced every morning, we feel a certain void. Nothing in the paper today, we sigh." -Lord Acton
"Life is just a journey." -Princess Diana
"Look for joy in your life; it's not always easy to find." -Charles Kuralt
"We know we're up against the wall. We know how difficult a challenge it is, being in the minority." -Tom Daschle
"To learn patience is not to rebel against every hardship." -Henri Nouwen
"The easiest thing to do in the world is pull the covers up over your head and go back to sleep." -Dan Gable
"At his best, man is the noblest of all animals; separated from law and justice he is the worst." -Aristotle
"So you can't lose serving God, and that all things work together for good." -Jim Bakker
"Let the one among you who is without sin be the first to cast a stone." -Jesus Christ
"Remember tonight... for it is the beginning of always." -Dante Alighieri
"What I try to do is to appreciate every job I have while I'm working on it." -Adam Baldwin
"I love going to the movies and being moved emotionally. I like my work, singing and writing in my journal." -Elizabeth Daily
"Death borders upon our birth, and our cradle stands in the grave." -Joseph Hall
"The most important part of ourselves is the mind, and it has been rather inaccessible." -Ariel Garten
"Is it unreasonable to have proof of citizenship when entering another country?" -Gwen Ifill
"Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence." -Abigail Adams
"My life doesn't change. I still have to go out and work hard every day and do the best that I can do." -Scott Eastwood
"I think jogging is bad for your health. All that pressure on the knees and back cannot be good for you." -Kazuo Ishiguro
"Horror is the natural reaction to the last 5,000 years of history." -Robert Anton Wilson
"Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence." -Robert Frost
"The government solution to a problem is usually as bad as the problem." -Milton Friedman
"Many children with cancer in the developing world can be cured. But without appropriate treatment, few survive." -Caitriona Balfe
"I mean, there's no arguing. There is no anything. There is no beating around the bush. 'You're fired' is a very strong term." -Donald Trump
"I wish I could shut up, but I can't, and I won't." -Desmond Tutu
"Never do things others can do and will do if there are things others cannot do or will not do." -Amelia Earhart
"Loyalty of the law-making power to the executive power was one of the dangers the political fathers foretold." -Garet Garrett
"My uncle, who was a little more flamboyant, always said the guy who dressed the best was Fred Astaire." -Andy Garcia
"I know the British people and they are not passengers - they are drivers." -David Cameron
"Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart." -Rumi
"I was married by 18 and I had a beautiful little girl." -Sandy Adams
"I don't think there's a hobby that I haven't tried on." -Jennie Garth
"Clearly the person who accepts the Church as an infallible guide will believe whatever the Church teaches." -Thomas Aquinas
"Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties." -Erich Fromm
"I missed out on my teenage years. I led a sheltered life. I was practicing scales instead of playing football." -John Cale
"Hugs can do great amounts of good - especially for children." -Princess Diana
"I think we love watching people that are flawed because we're all flawed." -Brad Garrett
"When I audition for something, I don't even want to think about who the other actors are in it, who's directing it." -Lauren Cohan
"If we destroy human rights and rule of law in the response to terrorism, they have won." -Joichi Ito
"There are times in my life when I just want to be by myself." -Aaliyah
"Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place." -Zora Neale Hurston
"Art is always and everywhere the secret confession, and at the same time the immortal movement of its time." -Karl Marx
"I remember being told 'Someone's gonna make a fortune out of this rap thing' and thinking 'no way'." -Arthur Baker
"I've done a lot of things and I've been a lot of people, but now I've come to realize who I am." -Bobby Darin
"The biggest communities in which young people now reside are online communities." -Howard Gardner
"To deny women directors, as I suspect is happening in the States, is to deny the feminine vision." -Jane Campion
"When I throw a punch, I mean it." -Gina Carano
"You want to do Olympics just like you do a pro football game or a basketball game? Be my guest. Watch it all fade away." -Dick Ebersol
"It's just, for me, the natural standard: a woman should be able to decide over her own body." -Lasse Hallstrom
"I don't consider myself a survivor; that's someone who has gone through something terrible." -Geraldine Ferraro
"I believe in God, only I spell it Nature." -Frank Lloyd Wright
"At the time it seemed like a natural development of my interest in what was going on around me in society." -Helen Garner
"The only thing that's been a worse flop than the organization of non-violence has been the organization of violence." -Joan Baez
"As a queen, I speak about unity and respect. I think that is the most important thing." -Gabriela Isler
"Credibility is someone else's idea of what I should be doing." -Paul Stanley
"Love is an ice cream sundae, with all the marvelous coverings. Sex is the cherry on top." -Jimmy Dean
"Never let your zeal outrun your charity. The former is but human, the latter is divine." -Hosea Ballou
"The courts are using the First Amendment to attack religion, when they should be using it to protect religion." -Ernest Istook
"India absorbs things; India's not a divisive place." -Rahul Gandhi
"I would love to continue acting. Maybe one day I would like to try writing and directing." -Kara Hayward
"What we plant in the soil of contemplation, we shall reap in the harvest of action." -Meister Eckhart
"In artillery exercises, women always win because they're more accurate." -Michelle Bachelet
"Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment." -R. Buckminster Fuller
"It's easier to identify with loss than love, because we have had so much more experience of it." -Roger Ebert
"Politics is cyclical." -Darrell Issa
"If I can get Me out of the way, I can do anything." -Steve Earle
"Children are God's Apostles, sent forth, day by day, to preach of love, and hope, and peace." -James Russell Lowell
"Let not then any one deceive you, as indeed you are not deceived, inasmuch as you are wholly devoted to God." -Ignatius of Antioch
"The image you see of me out in public is really different from who I am in real life." -Lucy Hale
"Basically, I only play one character; I just play him at different volumes." -Chris Farley
"I feel I was born with the music coming to me, and that's not something to be wasted." -Janis Ian
"I was born to be funny." -Buddy Hackett
"Life is truly known only to those who suffer, lose, endure adversity and stumble from defeat to defeat." -Anais Nin
"Kurt Russell is so dreamy. Plus, he's great to work with, really respectful." -Vanessa Ferlito
"I like Marilyn Monroe; she was super glam, weren't she?" -Rebecca Ferguson
"I never understood a word John Cassavetes said. And I think he did that deliberately." -Peter Falk
"I hate the word 'cool.' It gives me a rash." -Alber Elbaz
"I want it to be said when I leave this world that 'he was not just a money-making machine.'" -Yusuf Hamied
"Patience and tenacity are worth more than twice their weight of cleverness." -Thomas Huxley
"I can't tan naturally." -Jenny Eclair
"I was doing illustration work, and the cartooning slowly took over." -Max Cannon
"I have one speed, I have one gear: go!" -Charlie Sheen
"There's real potency in metal. Metal fans love metal as if it's a nation they would fight for. It's not diluted by pop culture." -Feist
"Pantera is the only band I've ever been in, and at the start we used to play covers to make a living." -Dimebag Darrell
"It is not talking but walking that will bring us to heaven." -Matthew Henry
"What makes a specific quality or quantity of innovation retain its intense newness over the years?" -Brian Ferneyhough
"I learned to love dance for its own sake." -Suzanne Farrell
"What I really want to do is comedy. I would love to do some guest star spots on some single-camera comedies." -Katie Featherston
"Love doesn't make the world go 'round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile." -Franklin P. Jones
"A film with an untidy plot cannot grip the audience and define their emotional response." -Kim Jong Il
"My chosen occupation isn't necessarily movie star; I see my chosen occupation as actor." -Sarah Gadon
"Neapolitans have always had their fast food. It's called pizza." -Luciano De Crescenzo
"Inside I never said I wanted to do theatre or be an actor." -Sebastian Bach
"The bore is usually considered a harmless creature, or of that class of irrationa bipeds who hurt only themselves." -Maria Edgeworth
"When you write biographies, whether it's about Ben Franklin or Einstein, you discover something amazing: They are human." -Walter Isaacson
"We combat obstacles in order to get repose, and when got, the repose is insupportable." -Henry Adams
"Bad Boy Entertainment did not shoot anybody. I didn't shoot anybody." -Sean Combs
"I'm not sure how healthy bacon is in general, but I know it's incredibly delicious." -Gwyneth Paltrow
"Inclusive, good-quality education is a foundation for dynamic and equitable societies." -Desmond Tutu
"Graduate school is a place to hide for a couple of years." -Michael Eisner
"My name is James Guckert. Well, when you read it, it's always pronounced some other way." -Jeff Gannon
"A hospital bed is a parked taxi with the meter running." -Groucho Marx
"I am not interested in slickness for the sake of slickness." -Ralph Bakshi
"Left eyebrow raised, right eyebrow raised." -Mary Kay Ash
"I didn't really want to be the coach who wins but the coach who educates." -Vicente del Bosque
"I'm not conservative, but I am kind of clean living in my own life." -Gillian Jacobs
"My experience as a young actor on network television was that I couldn't make it work. I was drowning as an actor." -James Badge Dale
"I think sexuality is a window into someone's soul." -Alan Ball
"I buy expensive suits. They just look cheap on me." -Warren Buffett
"The way to crush the bourgeoisie is to grind them between the millstones of taxation and inflation." -Vladimir Lenin
"I think all actors are supposed to be character actors." -Dennis Farina
"Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn." -Benjamin Franklin
"And I do have one surefire plot I have not and probably never will write because of my fear someone will carry it out." -Greg Iles
"Love is the most important thing in the world, but baseball is pretty good, too." -Yogi Berra
"Who asks whether the enemy was defeated by strategy or valor?" -Virgil
"The United Nations should become a proactive agent in the dissemination of democratic principles." -Michelle Bachelet
"The Tea Party is an organic, spontaneous movement that rose up in opposition to to the Pelosi-Reid-Obama agenda." -Michele Bachmann
"An inability to stay quiet is one of the conspicuous failings of mankind." -Walter Bagehot
"I'm one year away from 70 and I've had a good run. I really believe I'm okay." -Freddy Fender
"The death penalty is being applied in the United States as a fatal lottery." -Bianca Jagger
"I have a call to speak, to write, to do sort of deep-heart surgery in people's lives." -John Eldredge
"Who so loves believes the impossible." -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
"Work is a substitute religious experience for many workaholics." -Mary Daly
"There are perhaps no days of our childhood we lived so fully as those we spent with a favorite book." -Marcel Proust
"There's kind of a toll you have to pay with a cat; if you don't pet her for 10 minutes she'll bother you for six hours." -Scott Adams
"Death and love are the two wings that bear the good man to heaven." -Michelangelo
"If thou suffer injustice, console thyself; the true unhappiness is in doing it." -Democritus
"We could never learn to be brave and patient, if there were only joy in the world." -Helen Keller
"If I were again beginning my studies, I would follow the advice of Plato and start with mathematics." -Galileo Galilei
"Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game." -Donald Trump
"I used to go into bars on my days off, and I decided that wasn't too good for me." -Phil Daniels
"Today's accomplishments were yesterday's impossibilities." -Robert H. Schuller
"People who want alternative information have to try so hard to find it." -Edwidge Danticat
"A food's value is based on how good it tastes." -Homaro Cantu
"Sexuality is one of the ways that we become enlightened, actually, because it leads us to self-knowledge." -Alice Walker
"To get to play a bad person and do bad things in a safe environment like 'Arrow' was pretty amazing." -Seth Gabel
"I'm a Capricorn, and they flower late." -Marianne Faithfull
"I am not a has-been. I am a will be." -Lauren Bacall
"I like to explore things." -Chris Hemsworth
"Never underestimate your problem or your ability to deal with it." -Robert H. Schuller
"I longed to arrest all beauty that came before me, and at length the longing has been satisfied." -Julia Margaret Cameron
"People just want to have access to all of the world's music." -Daniel Ek
"To be doing good deeds is man's most glorious task." -Sophocles
"The best mind-altering drug is the truth." -Lily Tomlin
"All things must come to the soul from its roots, from where it is planted." -Saint Teresa of Avila
"The world is a looking glass and gives back to every man the reflection of his own face." -William Makepeace Thackeray
"I just invent, then wait until man comes around to needing what I've invented." -R. Buckminster Fuller
"Great men are like eagles, and build their nest on some lofty solitude." -Arthur Schopenhauer
"When you get something for nothing, you just haven't been billed for it yet." -Franklin P. Jones
"You've got to sing like you don't need the money." -Glenda Jackson
"Conscience is the mirror of our souls, which represents the errors of our lives in their full shape." -George Bancroft
"Fame is an unnatural construct and those who go in search of it are the least likely to find it." -Ryan Adams
"Decency is the least of all laws, but yet it is the law which is most strictly observed." -Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"Take the word of experience, I speak the truth: inaction is safest in danger." -Silius Italicus
"I am a writer of fragments." -Guillermo Cabrera Infante
"And ever has it been known that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation." -Khalil Gibran
"An intellectual is a person who's found one thing that's more interesting than sex." -Aldous Huxley
"One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency." -Arnold H. Glasow
"Flying might not be all plain sailing, but the fun of it is worth the price." -Amelia Earhart
"I am a big man, but I've allowed my condition to deteriorate by being overweight." -Colin Baker
"I'm continually amazed by how many people who appear to be extroverts are actually introverts." -Susan Cain
"I think about my editor when I write. She's a good friend, too." -Jostein Gaarder
"Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it." -Thomas Paine
"Anyone who has begun to think, places some portion of the world in jeopardy." -John Dewey
"Even the bands I dig don't have a history of attaining mass consumption." -Evan Dando
"What you have become is the price you paid to get what you used to want." -Mignon McLaughlin
"Tread softly because you tread on my dreams." -William Butler Yeats
"Why does the eye see a thing more clearly in dreams than the imagination when awake?" -Leonardo da Vinci
"I don't think television really captures the speed and the power of skating." -Dorothy Hamill
"I'm not talking with an American accent. I haven't gone off and become Sammy Hagar." -Billy Idol
"Football players are misunderstood. They aren't the dumb jocks people think they are." -Simone Elkeles
"Meaning that if you live in the moment, so to speak, we play today, and tonight we're done." -Alex Van Halen
"I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often." -Brian Tracy
"I was sure I was going to be a doctor of global health or tropical medicine in some underdeveloped country." -Thomas R. Insel
"By the end of the 1970s Britain was in a mess." -Kenneth Baker
"I do struggle with how much and in which way, as an artist or celebrity, that you voice your political views." -Kevin Bacon
"Music is my religion." -Jimi Hendrix
"Think where man's glory most begins and ends, and say my glory was I had such friends." -William Butler Yeats
"Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment." -Jim Rohn
"The country has undergone a profound social upheaval, the greatest the proletariat has ever known." -C. L. R. James
"I'm not doing any more nudity." -Shannon Elizabeth
"Anything simple always interests me." -David Hockney
"Happiness doesn't depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude." -Dale Carnegie
"Then I was president of the Bakelite Corporation from 1910 to 1930." -Leo Baekeland
"Right out of high school I never had the fear of getting beat, which is how most people lose." -Dan Gable
"There is no sincerer love than the love of food." -George Bernard Shaw
"I have a buddy of mine who's a musician, and I play guitar and sing quite a bit with him." -Jensen Ackles
"Words are just words." -Luther Campbell
"I had D minuses in chemistry and all of the sciences, and now I'm known as a molecular gastronomist." -Grant Achatz
"I think a lot of people have lost respect for the individual, you know, the individual, the person who doesn't conform." -Erykah Badu
"For me, my mother is everything." -Mario Balotelli
"I am an artisan. I only became an artist when people watch what I do. That is when it becomes art." -Rhys Ifans
"Every one of us is, even from his mother's womb, a master craftsman of idols." -John Calvin
"If I am what I have and if I lose what I have who then am I?" -Erich Fromm
"Being mean about other people isn't on my radar." -Geri Halliwell
"I'm particularly interested in how you can't rely on your own perception." -Alison Jackson
"It's always a shock to me when I get recognized." -Bryan Callen
"I've been as bad an influence on American literature as anyone I can think of." -Dashiell Hammett
"I never said, 'I'm going to be a big star.' I said, 'I'm going to be a good actor.' And that took the pressure off." -Jeff Daniels
"The time to enjoy a European trip is about three weeks after unpacking." -George Ade
"I'm not a slave to anything anymore. And I never will be again." -Leif Garrett
"Our show is different, because it's not about law and order, it's about psychology, the intent of somebody." -Vincent D'Onofrio
"The best doctors in the world are Doctor Diet, Doctor Quiet, and Doctor Merryman." -Jonathan Swift
"The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes." -Horace
"Kids will tease you for just about anything." -James Badge Dale
"Love is the greatest refreshment in life." -Pablo Picasso
"Wealth is the ability to fully experience life." -Henry David Thoreau
"Life is a long lesson in humility." -James M. Barrie
"I love Vancouver. I can be with my family, I can reconnect with the guys. It will always be my home." -Joshua Jackson
"Intelligence is quickness in seeing things as they are." -George Santayana
"I believe that sex is one of the most beautiful, natural, wholesome things that money can buy." -Steve Martin
"The last of human freedoms - the ability to chose one's attitude in a given set of circumstances." -Viktor E. Frankl
"It's the most unhappy people who most fear change." -Mignon McLaughlin
"When I think about greatness I just know Ayrton Senna. He was great." -Lewis Hamilton
"Twenty or 30 years from now, I'm going to be on a beach in Jamaica." -Idris Elba
"Anger is a manifestation of a deeper issue... and that, for me, is based on insecurity, self-esteem and loneliness." -Naomi Campbell
"Sometimes in politics one must duel with skunks, but no one should be fool enough to allow skunks to choose the weapons." -Joseph Cannon
"I'm terrible at texting people back. It takes me, like, three days. I'm not a big phone person." -Tom Felton
"Chaos was the law of nature; Order was the dream of man." -Henry Adams
"It is not the broken heart that kills, but broken pride, monseigneur." -Gilbert Parker
"Democracy, it appears, is a bit chancy. But its chances also depend on what we do ourselves." -Robert A. Dahl
"I love short trips to New York; to me it is the finest three-day town on earth." -James Cameron
"I always wanted, and still aspire, to be something more than just one thing, just one performance." -Kevin Bacon
"It's not leftovers that are wasteful, but those who either don't know what to do with them or can't be bothered." -Julian Baggini
"I'd love to do Pat Benatar. Probably either 'Hit Me with Your Best Shot' or 'We Belong'." -Lauren Cohan
"The North Koreans or Chinese may have a million men in uniform but it's about how you perform." -Philip Hammond
"Wherever you are on Earth, there is more life present than in the rest of the known universe." -Robin Ince
"I really think there is a certain destiny in my life to lead people." -Steve Garvey
"You don't have to have fought in a war to love peace." -Geraldine Ferraro
"Without trust, you have nothing: trust is so important to me." -Tamara Ecclestone
"There are guys out there faster than me." -Carl Hagelin
"Only a mediocre person is always at his best." -W. Somerset Maugham
"Homicide is the best material I've had the chance to do." -Daniel Baldwin
"If I hadn't been born a woman, I would have certainly been gay." -Dorothy Hamill
"The basic rule of storytelling is 'show, don't tell.'" -Julianna Baggott
"I'm up for re-election in 2014, and yes I do plan to run for re-election." -Kay Hagan
"One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood." -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"If someone offers you a breath mint, accept it." -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"I am a theatre actor, but the last ten years I've taken parts in movies because it keeps me in money." -Michael Gambon
"Never build your emotional life on the weaknesses of others." -George Santayana
"I think there's a sort of satisfaction in defying people's expectations." -Gillian Jacobs
"I care much more about saving the lives of mothers and babies than I do about a fancy museum somewhere." -Melinda Gates
"I am going into the adult market because they don't care what label you are signed to or who you know." -Luther Campbell
"I always imagine that if I met Dr. Seuss, he would be very similar to Crispin Glover." -Jim Gaffigan
"Someone who knows only music, understands nothing about it." -Hanns Eisler
"If what you are doing is not moving you towards your goals, then it's moving you away from your goals." -Brian Tracy
"We all have our pet things that we like to get religious about." -Max Cannon
"I'm not interested in making money. It's just that with my talent, I'm cursed with it." -Noel Gallagher
"Try to keep your soul young and quivering right up to old age." -George Sand
"We believe very strongly that you stop that denial of coverage by promoting choice. Let people make the decisions." -Eric Cantor
"I always try to keep my constituents as up-to-date as possible with what's going on here in Washington." -Steve Israel
"Some dog I got too. We call him Egypt. Because in every room he leaves a pyramid." -Rodney Dangerfield
"The true man wants two things: danger and play. For that reason he wants woman, as the most dangerous plaything." -Friedrich Nietzsche
"Compare sending someone a text message and getting a love letter delivered by carrier pigeon. No contest." -Bryan Callen
"Being brilliant is no great feat if you respect nothing." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"I always wished I had a chance to meet an NFL player or even a college player when I was growing up in Los Angeles." -Stephen Baker
"I'm a smart guy, I know the history of this issue and why people care about it." -Gregg Easterbrook
"That is how prison is tearing me up inside. It hurts every day. Every day takes me further from my life." -Jack Henry Abbott
"The principal act of courage is to endure and withstand dangers doggedly rather than to attack them." -Thomas Aquinas
"I'm riddled with cynicism. Whenever anyone says 'trust me,' the hairs go up on the back of my neck." -Charles Dance
"Sex in space is not just a good idea, it's survival." -Vanna Bonta
"In love, one should simplify, choose persons worthy of their promises and leave them if they don't keep them." -Isabelle Adjani
"I never mixed with golfers when I was playing, mainly because I didn't want to talk golf all night." -Nick Faldo
"At the end of the day, I feel like I have no one to blame but myself if I'm not satisfied with how I look on the runway." -Chanel Iman
"Ours not to reason why, ours but to do and die." -Alfred Lord Tennyson
"I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past." -Thomas Jefferson
"Life is always at some turning point." -Irwin Edman
"Everything I discovered was new and most of it was really valuable." -Alice Hamilton
"When I write a song, it's all about the riff - the riff first, then the words come later." -Evan Dando
"There is a single light of science, and to brighten it anywhere is to brighten it everywhere." -Isaac Asimov
"Parents are trying to be friends with their kids rather than draw the line and tell them what proper public behavior would be." -Gallagher
"My message tonight is a simple one - the journey is getting exciting and this great state is on the move." -Donald L. Carcieri
"If you want to send a message, try Western Union." -Frank Capra
"Forever may it remain that way. And may God bless these now-found souls." -Robert Ballard
"We talk a lot in our home together about where we're going, what I'm doing." -Melinda Gates
"What can I say: I got started on the whole wife-and-kids thing at a young age." -Tim Daly
"In Egypt, the living were subordinate to the dead." -Stephen Gardiner
"I wanted to work with Cate Blanchett. She is one of the five greatest movie actresses of her generation." -Alec Baldwin
"God doesn't believe in the easy way." -James Agee
"A company is only as good as the people it keeps." -Mary Kay Ash
"We need to continue investing in the programs that put Americans back to work in communities like Clark County." -Maria Cantwell
"The lies we live will always be confessed in the stories that we tell." -Orson Scott Card
"The greatest mistake I made was not to die in office." -Dean Acheson
"I have never been a superstar and never believed in it." -Amitabh Bachchan
"When I got married, my mother was very surprised. She said: 'What on earth is going on? I thought you were gay?'" -Stephen Daldry
"I woke up this morning, and I still don't believe I won the Daytona 500." -Dale Earnhardt
"I was considered by my peers to be a good comedian. So that's all I ever strived to do was get some recognition from my peers." -Ron White
"Stand-up was like being on a Barbie townhouse stage." -Mario Cantone
"You live and learn. At any rate, you live." -Douglas Adams
"The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment." -Tony Robbins
"Any time I have to get on a plane and leave my kids for a few days, it's kind of tortuous." -Sheena Easton
"It is almost impossible to reconcile self expression with the creative act." -Charles Eames
"I don't even know who that person was in the '80s. I see pictures of myself from back then and I don't even recognize myself." -Scott Ian
"In the Soviet army it takes more courage to retreat than advance." -Joseph Stalin
"Failure is not an option. Everyone has to succeed." -Arnold Schwarzenegger
"Everyone here has the sense that right now is one of those moments when we are influencing the future." -Steve Jobs
"It wasn't until Duotones that I felt my true voice come out." -Kenny G
"I can sing fine and I can play guitar fine, but put 'em together and it becomes a thoughtful effort." -Jerry Cantrell
"Putting somebody else's pants on and pretending to be somebody else is occasionally, as you grow older, horrifying." -James Gandolfini
"That's the thing about us lawyers - if at all possible, we will consume each other." -Christopher Darden
"It's cool to play a sinister bad guy who also has a human side." -Lukas Haas
"People laugh at me because I don't even know what I'm doing tomorrow." -Lorenzo di Bonaventura
"I follow three rules: Do the right thing, do the best you can, and always show people you care." -Lou Holtz
"Flattery is like cologne water, to be smelt, not swallowed." -Josh Billings
"I am a bit of a lefty on some issues." -Vince Cable
"David Lynch was very good, very patient with us, and the reaction in the United States seems pretty good." -Richard Farnsworth
"The Japanese invaded Tulagi, in the Solomon Islands, on May 4." -Jack Adams
"The towels were so thick there I could hardly close my suitcase." -Yogi Berra
"If you suppress grief too much, it can well redouble." -Moliere
"We must not allow other people's limited perceptions to define us." -Virginia Satir
"Sooner or later everyone sits down to a banquet of consequences." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"Why do you all push us around?" -Rosa Parks
"The First Amendment is not without limits." -Jerry Falwell
"The Bible calls us to love our neighbors, and to do justice and love kindness, not to indiscriminately kill one another." -Adam Hamilton
"There are really very few roles for women in films in which you can also make a living." -Gaby Hoffmann
"To be successful, a woman has to be much better at her job than a man." -Golda Meir
"Sometimes - history needs a push." -Vladimir Lenin
"Because I see my mum and dad as such amazing friends, I think I'll be a really good dad." -Gareth Gates
"I'm not a guy that sits around and does nothing." -Dusty Baker
"There exists no politician in India daring enough to attempt to explain to the masses that cows can be eaten." -Indira Gandhi
"The whole point of being alive is to evolve into the complete person you were intended to be." -Oprah Winfrey
"Each murder is one too many." -Jurgen Habermas
"Fear is stupid. So are regrets." -Marilyn Monroe
"I don't design houses with the nuclear family idea because I don't believe in it as a concept." -Peter Eisenman
"You have to find out how to become the character." -Kara Hayward
"The greatest trap in our life is not success, popularity or power, but self-rejection." -Henri Nouwen
"My 11-year-old thinks I'm cool because he watches things I've made on YouTube." -Armando Iannucci
"If there be no enemy there's no fight. If no fight, no victory and if no victory there is no crown." -Thomas Carlyle
"I only go out to get me a fresh appetite for being alone." -Lord Byron
"It is best to love wisely, no doubt; but to love foolishly is better than not to be able to love at all." -William Makepeace Thackeray
"The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness." -John Muir
"I don't really like using ridicule as a form of humor." -Alison Jackson
"The F.B.I. is about nuts and bolts. It's all about witnesses and procedure and walking the streets." -Aaron Eckhart
"Every actor just wants good writing." -Jeff Daniels
"I really do want to have a child." -Carrie Ann Inaba
"Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for." -Joseph Addison
"An optimist is someone who gets treed by a lion but enjoys the scenery." -Walter Winchell
"Rome had Senators too, that's why it declined." -Frank Dane
"Intuition is reason in a hurry." -Holbrook Jackson
"It's amazing how, age after age, in country after country, and in all languages, Shakespeare emerges as incomparable." -M. H. Abrams
"You have to be willing to be afraid if you're going to be an artist." -Carmen Ejogo
"All I'm trying to do is survive and make good out of the dirty, nasty, unbelievable lifestyle that they gave me." -Tupac Shakur
"I would not want to see any relaxation of the law prohibiting human cloning." -Tony Abbott
"I like to wear tight jeans. Most of my stuff is pretty slim fit." -Carl Hagelin
"It's like spicy food - sometimes you have to tone it down so more people can enjoy it." -Kenneth Edmonds
"I wanna live 'til I die, no more, no less." -Eddie Izzard
"In theory there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice there is." -Yogi Berra
"The director had come to Madrid to court me." -Victoria Abril
"For that again, is what all manner of religion essentially is: childish dependency." -Albert Ellis
"Let those who like society better have it." -John Nelson Darby
"Moses is our true founding father." -Bruce Feiler
"Michael Jackson asked me to sign a Playboy. I was more than happy to." -Jessica Hahn
"A consultant is someone who saves his client almost enough to pay his fee." -Arnold H. Glasow
"I doubt whether classical education ever has been or can be successfully carried out without corporal punishment." -George Orwell
"In the land of the skunks he who has half a nose is king." -Chris Farley
"Every time I come home, it is the same great pleasure to lie down in my bed. That's when I think, 'home sweet home.'" -Sigrid Agren
"I was an angst-y journal writing kid." -Justin Halpern
"I don't want anyone to expect anything from any of my films; I just want them to see it and then tell me what they think." -Julia Garner
"You never know about life." -Eileen Davidson
"I'm never pleased with anything, I'm a perfectionist, it's part of who I am." -Michael Jackson
"It is far better to grasp the universe as it really is than to persist in delusion, however satisfying and reassuring." -Carl Sagan
"The most exciting thing for all of us is movies and movie stars." -Kenneth Edmonds
"I don't like the actors to work together beforehand. I trust my intuition, and I like when the actors are the same." -Olivier Dahan
"Let us therefore be of a reverent spirit, and fear the long-suffering of God, that it tend not to our condemnation." -Ignatius of Antioch
"I don't like the fact that there are so few women in rap." -Cheryl James
"Never contend with a man who has nothing to lose." -Baltasar Gracian
"For most men life is a search for the proper manila envelope in which to get themselves filed." -Clifton Fadiman
"Right now, I have to admit, that I'm more interested in giving people a little bit of hope and goodness." -Aaron Eckhart
"I have little shame, no dignity - all in the name of a better cause." -A. J. Jacobs
"Inspiration is hard to come by. You have to take it where you find it." -Bob Dylan
"Touring and promoting and recording take a lot of time, it's just getting the right balance that's important." -Jamelia
"Hollywood is a place of great irony at all times." -Mark Canton
"Going home and just seeing what a mess youth baseball was was an eye-opener. I just want to make it a better game." -Roy Halladay
"For the first half of my adult life, I was a Democrat." -Alphonso Jackson
"We must reach out our hand in friendship and dignity both to those who would befriend us and those who would be our enemy." -Arthur Ashe
"I like to write poetry." -Rebecca Ferguson
"In an efficient market, at any point in time, the actual price of a security will be a good estimate of its intrinsic value." -Eugene Fama
"With foxes we must play the fox." -Thomas Fuller
"You shouldn't presume that all quotes that are in a magazine or a newspaper are accurate." -Andrew Card
"I'd rather do a really good small part than a really bad big part." -Ron White
"To fight against the infidels is Jihad; but to fight against your evil self is greater Jihad." -Abu Bakr
"I won player of the year and players' player, two cups and two championship medals, had a great time." -Paul Gascoigne
"I thought Winston Churchill was a young man of promise, but it appears he is a young man of promises." -Arthur Balfour
"Ambition is the path to success, persistence is the vehicle you arrive in." -William Eardley IV
"All human wisdom works and has worries and grief as reward." -Johann Georg Hamann
"If you want peace, you don't talk to your friends. You talk to your enemies." -Desmond Tutu
"Just got back from a pleasure trip: I took my mother-in-law to the airport." -Henny Youngman
"I like movies that resonate, that give voice to the voiceless." -Kimberly Elise
"Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got." -Janis Joplin
"It takes only one drink to get me drunk. The trouble is, I can't remember if it's the thirteenth or the fourteenth." -George Burns
"For me, Company is still the best way for me to work." -Derek Bailey
"Life is good - we forget that." -Maryam D'Abo
"Creativity is not the finding of a thing, but the making something out of it after it is found." -James Russell Lowell
"I don't pay much attention to career or what other people think. I've always been quite arrogant." -Ewan McGregor
"Dullness is the only crime for which an editor ought to be hung." -Josephus Daniels
"Metaphors have a way of holding the most truth in the least space." -Orson Scott Card
"Crikey means gee whiz, wow!" -Steve Irwin
"Clearly, when you win everything, it's fun. That doesn't necessarily mean you love the game more." -Roger Federer
"As long as I can remember, I wanted to be a writer." -Michael Easton
"I wish I had a funny story." -Leslie Easterbrook
"I don't think individual achievement in business is the most meaningful way for it to operate." -Michael Eisner
"The recycling in my house was imposed by my kids." -Antonio Banderas
"You have different sorts of people in life, so why should it be any different in football?" -Andres Iniesta
"Drawing is the honesty of the art. There is no possibility of cheating. It is either good or bad." -Salvador Dali
"To get rich never risk your health. For it is the truth that health is the wealth of wealth." -Richard Baker
"Let the beauty of what you love be what you do." -Rumi
"I don't see myself necessarily having a burning desire to write a symphony." -Danny Elfman
"If I can be cruel; I'm not a big fan of the Audi R8, actually." -Richard Hammond
"The big artist keeps an eye on nature and steals her tools." -Thomas Eakins
"I was not naturally intellectual, but somebody whose interest had to be whetted, still the case sadly." -Jeremy Irons
"You spend money on Internet connection for your employees. Why not spend money on the energy that fuels their brains?" -Shawn Achor
"Everything will pass, and the world will perish but the Ninth Symphony will remain." -Mikhail Bakunin
"I know well what I am fleeing from but not what I am in search of." -Michel de Montaigne
"A liberal mind is a mind that is able to imagine itself believing anything." -Max Eastman
"Successful people are simply those with successful habits." -Brian Tracy
"The world is moving, and a company that contents itself with present accomplishments soon falls behind." -George Eastman
"There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart." -Jane Austen
"It makes me feel guilty that anybody should have such a good time doing what they are supposed to do." -Charles Eames
"I'm someone who believes in 'live and let live,' and that applies to everything." -Vidya Balan
"My dream became bigger and bigger. And the box got bigger than the message, than the Gospel." -Jim Bakker
"Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think." -A. A. Milne
"Protecting Americans from nuclear terrorism rises above politics." -Lee H. Hamilton
"Conflict and character are the heart of good fiction, and good mystery has both of those in spades." -Diana Gabaldon
"I still find it hard to push my own limits. I know where my limits are and that I always have to push myself." -Charlotte Gainsbourg
"The vision of a champion is bent over, drenched in sweat, at the point of exhaustion, when nobody else is looking." -Mia Hamm
"Act like you expect to get into the end zone." -Christopher Morley
"I'm not scared of snakes, spiders or heights. I have three children; as a mum, you can't be afraid of things like that." -Britt Ekland
"For me especially, I travel a lot, and with the weather change and everything, my skin gets dehydrated very fast." -Gal Gadot
"What is character but the determination of incident? What is incident but the illustration of character?" -Henry James
"Of course I'm crazy, but that doesn't mean I'm wrong." -Robert Anton Wilson
"I hope lots of people will join the solidarity march on May 7th and I hope things will change." -Anne Campbell
"The only people I have seen who have been truly pushing for the truth are the family members." -Sibel Edmonds
"I find it an exhausting experience, personally, to go to a party every night." -John Fairchild
"Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act." -Truman Capote
"I have worked with a lot of kids. Most of them have been really lovely. But there are a lot of trappings." -Ron Eldard
"The best place to find God is in a garden. You can dig for him there." -George Bernard Shaw
"All the world over, I will back the masses against the classes." -William E. Gladstone
"I love who I am and I love my life, but if I could be someone else, I'd be Beyonce in two seconds." -Dakota Fanning
"You know you're old when someone compliments you on your alligator shoes, and you're barefoot." -Phyllis Diller
"During my childhood, I was surrounded by actors, and all I remember is they were fun to be around. That kind of sticks." -Jack Davenport
"The feeble soul merely whines and complains." -Taylor Caldwell
"If I splurge on anything, it's cologne. I love smelling good." -Zac Efron
"It's refreshing to hear something that's pop but doesn't sound like Britney Spears." -Siobhan Fahey
"Some people are born with the necessary gift, and some work hard to build on the few gifts they have." -Peter Garrett
"Most of the animated films I watched, the emotions are all prepackaged like canned music, the hand actions, the sighs." -Ralph Bakshi
"Some people think that doctors and nurses can put scrambled eggs back in the shell." -Cass Canfield
"A man in debt is so far a slave." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Love God; love others; do your best in all you do, even if you fall short!" -Bethany Hamilton
"I don't see a difference between the big screen and the small one. We are entertainers, and the medium doesn't matter." -Genelia D'Souza
"I do go through periods of obsession with certain records." -Britt Daniel
"Life only demands from you the strength that you possess. Only one feat is possible; not to run away." -Dag Hammarskjold
"It's always the same - all men and women want to be sexy." -Stefano Gabbana
"I have heard show business characterized as a refuge for childlike persons in flight from all things harsh and real." -Carroll O'Connor
"Life - and I don't suppose I'm the first to make this comparison - is a disease: sexually transmitted, and invariably fatal." -Neil Gaiman
"When solving problems, dig at the roots instead of just hacking at the leaves." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
"A willing heart adds feather to the heel." -Joanna Baillie
"The British may not know much about music, but they certainly loves the noise it makes." -Richard Baker
"Without doubt, Malaysia is the great economic star of the Muslim world." -Martin Jacques
"Not that being so mature is a bad thing, but there are times to be mature and there are times to be loose." -David Gallagher
"I love to go get fireworks, even though some of them are illegal." -Carmen Electra
"What my mother believed about cooking is that if you worked hard and prospered, someone else would do it for you." -Nora Ephron
"I know it's really square but I'm one of those people who piles on the factor 50 as soon as I'm outside." -Freema Agyeman
"If you're not ready to die for it, put the word 'freedom' out of your vocabulary." -Malcolm X
"I am sort of an adventurer. I like to explore new places. I don't get to travel as often as I would like but I love it." -Edi Gathegi
"If you don't have anything nice to say... dead silence creates a lot awkwardness." -Jeff Rich
"Is there anyone so wise as to learn by the experience of others?" -Voltaire
"It's human desire to be understood. And we always feel we're not understood." -John Baldessari
"Democracy literally means the power of people. Democracy is not about politics, it is about the people." -Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj
"The more we do, the more we can do; the more busy we are, the more leisure we have." -Dag Hammarskjold
"Film has to describe and show." -Ralph Bakshi
"A sincere diplomat is like dry water or wooden iron." -Joseph Stalin
"There are people who do De Niro and Walken impersonations." -Anthony Michael Hall
"The universe seems neither benign nor hostile, merely indifferent." -Carl Sagan
"I have found that I get a better reaction from people once I am less bothered about their reaction." -William Hague
"There are a lot of things that frustrate me. I get frustrated when I have to wait at a red light." -Kevin Garnett
"I was never one of those people who thought, 'What I really want to do is direct.' It never occurred to me." -Joey Lauren Adams
"Prosperity tries the fortunate, adversity the great." -Rose Kennedy
"What we obtain too cheap, we esteem too lightly; it is dearness only that gives everything its value." -Thomas Paine
"I'm into the girls fancying me and stuff, mad for it." -Liam Gallagher
"Ah, beware of snobbery; it is the unwelcome recognition of one's own past failings." -Cary Grant
"People buy a chair, and they don't really care who designed it." -Arne Jacobsen
"As barbaric is we are, it's a miracle we haven't blown ourselves off the face of the earth so far." -Abel Ferrara
"My parents didn't have a lot of money, but we never knew that. They really did the best they could." -Dorothy Hamill
"You aren't going to stick around long with just two pitches." -Dennis Eckersley
"The pursuit, even of the best things, ought to be calm and tranquil." -Marcus Tullius Cicero
"I won in a primary, so I understand primary fights." -Donna Edwards
"George W. Bush is a leader, and that's what we need in the White House. George Bush is someone you can believe and trust." -Jim Edgar
"It's time for all of us to unite across the state of Washington to build a working Washington. Let's get to work." -Jay Inslee
"Whatever good things we build end up building us." -Jim Rohn
"Genius is talent set on fire by courage." -Henry Van Dyke
"We are all are equal, but some pay higher tax rates than others." -Jeff Rich
"India is a regional power. It does not need anything to establish it." -Gary Ackerman
"The world is on a bumpy journey to a new destination and the New Normal." -Mohamed El-Erian
"I didn't want really to be involved in a normal soccer club." -Eric Cantona
"Be unpredictable, be real, be interesting. Tell a good story." -James Dashner
"Manchester United is stronger than anybody in the world." -Eric Cantona
"I had seen birth and death but had thought they were different." -T. S. Eliot
"It is not the oath that makes us believe the man, but the man the oath." -Aeschylus
"Ports are the gaping hole in America's homeland security." -Dianne Feinstein
"What we call the beginning is often the end. And to make an end is to make a beginning. The end is where we start from." -T. S. Eliot
"I really create everything I do from the heart." -Kenny G
"Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius." -Arthur Conan Doyle
"If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?" -John Wooden
"We may give without loving, but we cannot love without giving." -Bernard Meltzer
"Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success." -Henry Ford
"My friend is he who will tell me my faults in private." -Solomon Ibn Gabirol
"I couldn't ask for a better life." -Freddy Adu
"I can only speak for myself - I don't care how I look." -Jerry Ferrara
"Whitney Cummings is one of the hardest working people I know, and she's very motivated." -Chris D'Elia
"Pray to Christ for me that the animals will be the means of making me a sacrificial victim for God." -Ignatius of Antioch
"The secret of getting things done is to act!" -Dante Alighieri
"I was a very self-righteous 15-25 year old. Anyway, I wake up every morning and thank God I'm not a kid anymore." -Annie Baker
"We have the right assets for a fast-growing digital business." -Bernard Ebbers
"Opinions alter, manners change, creeds rise and fall, but the moral laws are written on the table of eternity." -Lord Acton
"Creativity has more to do with the elimination of the inessential than with inventing something new." -Helmut Jahn
"Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it." -Colin Powell
"How wrong it is for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to create it herself." -Anais Nin
"We weren't going to play the show-biz game, and be obsequious." -Neil Innes
"There is no passion so contagious as that of fear." -Michel de Montaigne
"Once you have a mission, you can't go back to having a job." -Shai Agassi
"Tony La Russa was quoted as saying that I was using steroids back then, and I was talking about it in the clubhouse, openly." -Jose Canseco
"My spelling is Wobbly. It's good spelling but it Wobbles, and the letters get in the wrong places." -A. A. Milne
"There is no greater delight than to be conscious of sincerity on self-examination." -Mencius
"The best way a mentor can prepare another leader is to expose him or her to other great people." -John C. Maxwell
"The shock of unemployment becomes a pathology in its own right." -Robert Farrar Capon
"Extinction is the rule. Survival is the exception." -Carl Sagan
"There are only three things I can do - make a dress, decorate a house, and entertain people." -Valentino Garavani
"We must break up the eurozone. We must set those Mediterranean countries free." -Nigel Farage
"Stupidity is a talent for misconception." -Edgar Allan Poe
"Don't give up. Don't ever give up." -Jim Valvano
"No one will find me to have knowingly committed fraud." -Bernard Ebbers
"It is time for us to insist that we are accountable for the money that we are spending." -Eric Cantor
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on." -Robert Frost
"Paul Butterfield and I had a band together at one point." -Rick Danko
"The revolution is not an apple that falls when it is ripe. You have to make it fall." -Che Guevara
"Serving in Congress has been the honor of a lifetime." -Bob Ehrlich
"I think it's unfair, but they have the right as fallible, screwed-up humans to be unfair; that's the human condition." -Albert Ellis
"Some people can only be happy being a star. What happens if and when the work dries up?" -Susan Hampshire
"I had a really scary pregnancy and a very difficult delivery. My daughter and I are lucky to be alive." -Linda Cardellini
"Powerful states can maintain themselves only by crime, little states are virtuous only by weakness." -Mikhail Bakunin
"I had bags of energy as a kid." -Christopher Eccleston
"I suppose I will go on selling newspapers until at last will come the late night final." -Max Aitken
"The only time I ever really consider retiring is when I get fed up with the press. Which is often." -Marianne Faithfull
"I'm a big country fan." -Shannon Elizabeth
"Above all, you must fight conceit, envy, and every kind of ill-feeling in your heart." -Abraham Cahan
"In 83 I thought we were going to go all the way. We had Roy Smalley, and Steve King, and good players." -Bert Campaneris
"I think that Hassan Nasrallah is the best leader in the Muslim world." -George Galloway
"Creationists make it sound as though a 'theory' is something you dreamt up after being drunk all night." -Isaac Asimov
"My dad let me figure out what I wanted to do on my own." -Georgia Jagger
"I just believe in the goodwill of people, the power of people to do something positive." -Eddie Izzard
"I never wanted to be famous." -Dave Attell
"I thought you were supposed to be flying this thing, not pleasuring it." -Paul Gallagher
"Sometimes you don't know who you can and cannot trust. I still learn that over and over again." -Demi Lovato
"Every nation in every region now has a decision to make. Either you are with us, or you are with the terrorists." -George W. Bush
"I like to win, I like to compete and I like to sack the quarterback. I imagine there's a team out there looking for that." -Jason Babin
"I'm very lucky because I love fruit and to this day, that has saved me because I'd much rather have fruit than cookies." -Carrie Ann Inaba
"You know, stand-up comedy is where I pretty much started out." -Brion James
"Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us." -Earl Nightingale
"Boulez seemed to me to be a guy who wrote laws. Like a company lawyer." -Luc Ferrari
"Every artist has a moment where they think about quitting music for a moment because it's scary." -Tyler Farr
"I don't possess a lot of self-confidence. I'm an actor so I simply act confident every time I hit the stage." -Arsenio Hall
"Ideas are fatal to caste." -E. M. Forster
"Words are less needful to sorrow than to joy." -Helen Hunt Jackson
"No one in their right mind can say to me with a straight face that the Patriot Act has not aggregated the Fourth Amendment." -Peter Camejo
"When we blindly adopt a religion, a political system, a literary dogma, we become automatons. We cease to grow." -Anais Nin
"The only creatures that are evolved enough to convey pure love are dogs and infants." -Johnny Depp
"You wanna get diarrhoea? Eat industrial food." -Joel Salatin
"Every kid needs a mentor. Everybody needs a mentor." -Donovan Bailey
"It's the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter." -Marlene Dietrich
"In fact, I have never met anyone who didn't like Gargoyles." -Keith David
"Be pleasant until ten o'clock in the morning and the rest of the day will take care of itself." -Elbert Hubbard
"I don't watch much British television at all. I mean, it's ironic because I used to work in it for years." -E. L. James
"I'm not as focused on my acting career as I have been in the past." -Harry Hamlin
"Everyone kept telling me, Just be yourself. Be yourself. I kept thinking, there's got to be more to it than that!" -Tony Danza
"If you have a camera in the courtroom, there's no filtering. What you see is what's there." -Lance Ito
"I don't recall having a gun. I really don't. I don't think I ever pulled a gun on anyone in my life." -Darrell Issa
"Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." -Confucius
"The industry is always changing, but country music is like a force that always comes back." -Tyler Farr
"I want doctors to treat toward health and not treat toward disease." -David Agus
"Love does not claim possession, but gives freedom." -Rabindranath Tagore
"Well, when you're trying to create things that are new, you have to be prepared to be on the edge of risk." -Michael Eisner
"I'm adapting quite well to English football with the same will I've always had." -Sergio Aguero
"I love to work. I absolutely love to work." -Johnny Galecki
"Exclusion is never the way forward on our shared paths to freedom and justice." -Desmond Tutu
"What makes resisting temptation difficult for many people is they don't want to discourage it completely." -Franklin P. Jones
"You're a good man, Charlie Brown." -Charles M. Schulz
"I never wanted to see anybody die, but there are a few obituary notices I have read with pleasure." -Clarence Darrow
"Vulgar and obscene, the papers run rumors daily about people in show business, tales of wicked ways and witless affairs." -Carroll O'Connor
"Bored people, unless they sleep a lot, are cruel." -Renata Adler
"Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud." -Maya Angelou
"There are probably already too many people on the planet." -Nina Fedoroff
"They have most satisfaction in themselves, and consequently the sweetest relish of their creature comforts." -Matthew Henry
"You gotta mature, you know." -The Notorious B.I.G.
"Holland is to dance music what Nashville is to country." -Afrojack
"Those who enjoy responsibility usually get it; those who merely like exercising authority usually lose it." -Malcolm Forbes
"Most children threaten at times to run away from home. This is the only thing that keeps some parents going." -Phyllis Diller
"Wrestling is a team sport, and an individual sport all rolled into one." -William Baldwin
"My marriage started to go badly wrong after I had my second son." -Amanda Eliasch
"Love is the best thing in the world, and the thing that lives the longest." -Henry Van Dyke
"Don't look forward to the day you stop suffering, because when it comes you'll know you're dead." -Tennessee Williams
"The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls." -Pablo Picasso
"There are some who start their retirement long before they stop working." -Robert Half
"I can't play a slave." -Dorothy Dandridge
"Women have more to prove than men when it comes to politics." -Julie Nixon Eisenhower
"That show, 'The Amazing Race' - is that about white people?" -Zach Galifianakis
"The royal road to a man's heart is to talk to him about the things he treasures most." -Dale Carnegie
"My first semester, I got a D in creative writing." -Conrad Hall
"Nevertheless, one doesn't have time to think, oh, well, this is a quarter tone sharp, or flat." -John Eaton
"Feeling passionate about something doesn't mean you have to be angry." -Naomi Campbell
"The avantgarde are people who don't exactly know where they want to go, but are the first to get there." -Romain Gary
"History is not a burden on the memory but an illumination of the soul." -Lord Acton
"You lose some, you win some. Nothing wrong with that at all." -Stefan Edberg
"A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others." -Ayn Rand
"I do wish I could tell you my age but it's impossible. It keeps changing all the time." -Greer Garson
"You know that it is only through work that you can achieve anything, either in college or in the world." -Charles William Eliot
"If I'm paying money to come to see you, you shouldn't look like everybody else in the crowd." -Randy Jackson
"Age acquires no value save through thought and discipline." -James Truslow Adams
"I want to be a superhero. Maybe I'll be a bartending superhero who shakes martinis to save the world." -Shanola Hampton
"Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed was the ninth beatitude." -Alexander Pope
"I just can't seem to write songs about peace and love. Yeah right, how do you get that?" -Siobhan Fahey
"I'm still a soldier, fighting with my pen and paper for peace till the day I cease." -Emmanuel Jal
"In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks." -John Muir
"I often think that the night is more alive and more richly colored than the day." -Vincent Van Gogh
"There are always new, grander challenges to confront, and a true winner will embrace each one." -Mia Hamm
"One could not pluck a flower without troubling a star." -Loren Eiseley
"If you improvise a riff and the crowd immediately reacts to it, you know you're on to something." -Dimebag Darrell
"Falling in love with God is the most important thing a person can do." -John Eldredge
"The things that have been most valuable to me I did not learn in school." -Will Smith
"If you ask me a question, don't tell me what the question is in advance, 'cause I'd rather not know." -Geraldine Ferraro
"When I was a kid, we sat around the house. If I got bored, I'd have to figure out something to do." -Ben Falcone
"Usually when people see me, they see me as more of the soft-spoken one rather than being the witty, smart-tongued character." -Amy Acker
"I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line." -Lucille Ball
"You can't fix stupid." -Ron White
"There are years that ask questions and years that answer." -Zora Neale Hurston
"I'm a romantic at heart." -Tyler Farr
"All peoples are entangled in the net of the world market." -C. L. R. James
"I left my marriage knowing I'd have to work. I have." -Sarah Ferguson
"They took away time, and they gave us the clock." -Abdullah Ibrahim
"In politics shared hatreds are almost always the basis of friendships." -Alexis de Tocqueville
"Moonlight is sculpture." -Nathaniel Hawthorne
"Life is largely a matter of expectation." -Horace
"The civil service can never be placed on a satisfactory basis until it is regulated by law." -James A. Garfield
"We treat our people like royalty. If you honor and serve the people who work for you, they will honor and serve you." -Mary Kay Ash
"I think falling in love is always a surprise, right?" -Josh Dallas
"The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made." -Groucho Marx
"I always try to preserve my cinematographic style, even while I work in the US. I wish to always be European." -Lasse Hallstrom
"I've gone from being quite wealthy, when I was defending women, to being quite poor defending men." -Warren Farrell
"Preach the Gospel at all times and when necessary use words." -Francis of Assisi
"If you are a good writer - and I think I am - you are able to handle any kind of group and imagine their lives." -Earl Hamner, Jr.
"Only that in you which is me can hear what I'm saying." -Ram Dass
"You are not angry with people when you laugh at them. Humor teaches tolerance." -W. Somerset Maugham
"Michelle Obama. She is big on encouraging kids to eat healthy - which is great." -Jennette McCurdy
"I do so many roles, I can't be typecast." -Tommy Davidson
"I hate being so nostalgic about the Sixties." -David Bailey
"Being a good neighbour is about compassion, which is as warm-blooded as justice is cool-headed." -Julian Baggini
"Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real." -Tupac Shakur
"I don't think about the Fonda legacy much." -Troy Garity
"Making money is not gonna change anything about what I am, except I won't answer the door." -Abel Ferrara
"My family were from Jamaica." -Diane Abbott
"Where there is shouting, there is no true knowledge." -Leonardo da Vinci
"If you look at the charts every year, there may be five or ten memorable songs from each year." -Randy Jackson
"Logical consequences are the scarecrows of fools and the beacons of wise men." -Thomas Huxley
"I have a clear conscience." -Wilhelm Canaris
"I'm usually just enjoying life." -Alan Jackson
"Well, I'm... first and foremost I'm a theater guy and everything that I know comes from the theater." -Scott Bakula
"Let none of us delude himself by supposing that honesty is always the best policy. It is not." -Dean Inge
"I think people would be suprised at how much we curse when we screw up. I'm like somebody with Tourette's Syndrome." -George Eads
"Constant attention by a good nurse may be just as important as a major operation by a surgeon." -Dag Hammarskjold
"I have no academic qualifications whatsoever." -David Irving
"I had a dad you know." -Darrell Hammond
"I am best viewed from a distance... and at night." -Jenny Eclair
"Life gives you plenty of time to do whatever you want to do if you stay in the present moment." -Deepak Chopra
"The art of life is to know how to enjoy a little and to endure very much." -William Hazlitt
"The anxiety I feel when I'm late is nothing like the anxiety I feel when I'm on time." -Sade Adu
"Tough times never last, but tough people do." -Robert H. Schuller
"There's no limit to how complicated things can get, on account of one thing always leading to another." -E. B. White
"A city is not gauged by its length and width, but by the broadness of its vision and the height of its dreams." -Herb Caen
"Being right too soon is socially unacceptable." -Robert A. Heinlein
"We grew up in abject poverty. Acting, writing scripts and skits were a way of escaping our environment at a very young age." -Viola Davis
"In an age of synthetic images and synthetic emotions, the chances of an accidental encounter with reality are remote indeed." -Serge Daney
"If your stomach disputes you, lie down and pacify it with cool thoughts." -Satchel Paige
"The Mozilla project is big in terms of lines of code and complexity." -Mitchell Baker
"It is the set of the sails, not the direction of the wind that determines which way we will go." -Jim Rohn
"I'm gonna put a curse on you and all your kids will be born completely naked." -Jimi Hendrix
"I think the American government is now the most corrupt government in the world." -Ginger Baker
"Wearing nice lingerie makes me feel really glamorous. I love to splurge on that." -Fergie
"The life of inner peace, being harmonious and without stress, is the easiest type of existence." -Norman Vincent Peale
"My humanity is bound up in yours, for we can only be human together." -Desmond Tutu
"If you move between battalions, you are still within the same tribe." -Mike Jackson
"I don't live on a hill. I live down under a hill, in the bottom and I've got a lot of cars, yeah." -Hasil Adkins
"The little reed, bending to the force of the wind, soon stood upright again when the storm had passed over." -Aesop
"We're going to have the same demographic spread of nutcases and the same spread of everybody in between." -Max Cannon
"Neal had a couple of good ideas and they fit nicely, so that's the way I decided to go." -Raymond E. Feist
"Sex at age 90 is like trying to shoot pool with a rope." -George Burns
"No problem is too big to run away from." -Charles M. Schulz
"Determination becomes obsession and then it becomes all that matters." -Jeremy Irvine
"People love coming on television, even if they have to show their miseries." -Victoria Abril
"Anything I've ever said, I certainly was feeling at the time." -Eminem
"When you get a groove going, time flies." -Donald Fagen
"Telling people not to have children is unthinkable and inhumane." -Gary Ackerman
"At a dinner party one should eat wisely but not too well, and talk well but not too wisely." -W. Somerset Maugham
"The ideal attitude is to be physically loose and mentally tight." -Arthur Ashe
"You will know that forgiveness has begun when you recall those who hurt you and feel the power to wish them well." -Lewis B. Smedes
"Libya as a country is a relatively new concept. The period of Libya as a modern nation really starts after World War II." -Elliott Abrams
"I depend a lot on my own judgment, for better or worse." -Rebecca Eaton
"I actually just started home schooling. And it is great." -Robert Iler
"I'm about as Baptist as you get in Hollywood." -Morgan Fairchild
"Bleak House is just the most astounding piece of work. There's huge, visionary poetry in it." -Simon Callow
"All I've been trying to do all my life is to make great music." -Sean Combs
"There is no one subsists by himself alone." -Owen Feltham
"Do not let Sunday be taken from you. If your soul has no Sunday, it becomes an orphan." -Albert Schweitzer
"Who do you think I am, Pete Rose? I don't bet. I come from a long line of compulsive gamblers. Gambling scares me." -Mario Cantone
"Look in the mirror. The face that pins you with its double gaze reveals a chastening secret." -Diane Ackerman
"I'm an actor and it happened to go my way that day." -Aaron Eckhart
"There is something good in all seeming failures. You are not to see that now. Time will reveal it. Be patient." -Swami Sivananda
"I would love to do more music, definitely. That is my true passion. Dance is first and then music." -Carmen Electra
"I'm just taking care of myself: Eating less, exercising more, drinking a lot of coconut water." -Jennie Garth
"He who has regrets cannot look at himself in the mirror." -Eric Cantona
"There is no conversation more boring than the one where everybody agrees." -Michel de Montaigne
"Making 'Beloved' was an awesome experience." -Kimberly Elise
"If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face - forever." -George Orwell
"An excuse is worse and more terrible than a lie, for an excuse is a lie guarded." -Pope John Paul II
"I wanted to star in a western opposite Robert Redford. That was my plan for my life." -Dyan Cannon
"Business was his aversion; Pleasure was his business." -Maria Edgeworth
"I don't pretend to be an ordinary housewife." -Elizabeth Taylor
"For some days, people thought that India was shaking. But there are always tremors when a great tree falls." -Rajiv Gandhi
"Obsession is a young man's game, and my only excuse is that I never grew old." -Michael Caine
"Pessimists are not boring. Pessimists are right. Pessimists are superfluous." -Elias Canetti
"I think I do want to go into politics. I really, really do. And I don't know if I will." -Alec Baldwin
"If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you." -Calvin Coolidge
"I write sets of books, but I've also written a lot of orphans." -Lynn Abbey
"Nothing endures but change." -Heraclitus
"The most important thing about Spaceship Earth - an instruction book didn't come with it." -R. Buckminster Fuller
"He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe." -Marcus Aurelius
"I am a partisan and artisan of Europe. But I draw the lessons of my experience in government." -Laurent Fabius
"It is well that war is so terrible, otherwise we should grow too fond of it." -Robert E. Lee
"Men who live valiantly and die nobly have a strength and a courage from the eternal Father." -Josephus Daniels
"Wars have always started over religion." -Glenn Danzig
"Children make your life important." -Erma Bombeck
"It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure." -Bill Gates
"It is better to debate a question without settling it than to settle a question without debating it." -Joseph Joubert
"We must first pray, that God would make us wise; before we can wish, he would make us happy." -Joseph Hall
"We need society, and we need solitude also, as we need summer and winter, day and night, exercise and rest." -Philip Gilbert Hamerton
"No man is good enough to govern another man without the other's consent." -Abraham Lincoln
"Open your eyes, look within. Are you satisfied with the life you're living?" -Bob Marley
"There are so many constraints on the architect that public buildings almost never feel free or enjoyable." -Toyo Ito
"A friend is nothing but a known enemy." -Kurt Cobain
"I don't make music for eyes. I make music for ears." -Adele
"While you are proclaiming peace with your lips, be careful to have it even more fully in your heart." -Francis of Assisi
"Technology is making gestures precise and brutal, and with them men." -Theodor Adorno
"I also know what looks good before the camera, how to move the camera, and how to get a story on the screen." -Taylor Hackford
"I almost envy people who say whatever they want." -Kate Bosworth
"I would rather trust a woman's instinct than a man's reason." -Stanley Baldwin
"Pitching... sometimes I did so poorly, it brought me to tears." -Dennis Eckersley
"True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen." -Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both." -Dwight D. Eisenhower
"The laziest man I ever met put popcorn in his pancakes so they would turn over by themselves." -W. C. Fields
"For the happiest life, days should be rigorously planned, nights left open to chance." -Mignon McLaughlin
"Let your soul stand cool and composed before a million universes." -Walt Whitman
"My thought is me: that is why I cannot stop thinking. I exist because I think I cannot keep from thinking." -Jean-Paul Sartre
"I've been really lucky. I think that you really get what you recognize is in the universe." -Janina Gavankar
"To strive with difficulties, and to conquer them, is the highest human felicity." -Samuel Johnson
"Sports are not for everyone." -Dante Hall
"Expecting something for nothing is the most popular form of hope." -Arnold H. Glasow
"Thoughts without content are empty, intuitions without concepts are blind." -Immanuel Kant
"All the things one has forgotten scream for help in dreams." -Elias Canetti
"Eric Clapton always wanted to come out onstage with a stuffed parrot on his shoulder." -Neil Innes
"I was only saying to the Queen the other day how I hate name dropping." -Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.
"By nature, I am not an optimist, though I try to act as if I am." -Howard Gardner
"I'm not afraid of anything." -Jeanne Calment
"Never cut what you can untie." -Joseph Joubert
"Let us preach Christ, let us be faithful to proclaiming the Gospel, but let's leave judgment in the hands of God." -Tony Campolo
"All I know is, he's a good kid, and he's done right all his life. And he always treats other people right." -Joseph Jackson
"I'm not a big fan of talking about dying. And then I make a movie where I kill everybody." -Abel Ferrara
"You can get swept away by a musical, but real tears are rare." -Eric Fellner
"There are some days when I think I'm going to die from an overdose of satisfaction." -Salvador Dali
"It takes a lot of work to put together a marriage, to put together a family and a home." -Elizabeth Edwards
"I do not like candid pictures. They are so unattractive." -Rose Kennedy
"The President is the CEO of this business that we call America." -Bill Ackman
"Recognizing the need is the primary condition for design." -Charles Eames
"I don't try to describe the future. I try to prevent it." -Ray Bradbury
"Any time you audition and get it, you earned it." -Michael Ealy
"Our Lord has written the promise of resurrection, not in books alone, but in every leaf in springtime." -Martin Luther
"He was a wise man who invented beer." -Plato
"If you want something done, ask a busy person to do it. The more things you do, the more you can do." -Lucille Ball
"I feel quite fearless protecting the people I love." -Paloma Faith
"To you I'm an atheist; to God, I'm the Loyal Opposition." -Woody Allen
"I love films. If I'd known how to get into or do it from the word go, I would have done that." -Christopher Hampton
"You must learn to exist with no religion, no country, no allies. You must learn to live alone in silence." -William S. Burroughs
"Abstract art: a product of the untalented sold by the unprincipled to the utterly bewildered." -Al Capp
"We didn't lose Vietnam. We quit Vietnam." -Alexander Haig
"Thoughtful lightness can make frivolity seem dull and heavy." -Italo Calvino
"I think my stubbornness, hardheadedness and stupidity is what has allowed me to play for 20 years." -Brett Favre
"If you read all the time what other people have done, you will the think the way they thought." -Richard Hamming
"I think foosball is a combination of soccer and shish kabobs." -Mitch Hedberg
"I just don't know how to date." -Jennie Garth
"There is not one blade of grass, there is no color in this world that is not intended to make us rejoice." -John Calvin
"Why is it that, as a culture, we are more comfortable seeing two men holding guns than holding hands?" -Ernest Gaines
"Whatever I engage in, I must push inordinately." -Andrew Carnegie
"Remember that the happiest people are not those getting more, but those giving more." -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"You've got to stay focused without being boring - because all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. Skinny, but dull." -LL Cool J
"For every talent that poverty has stimulated it has blighted a hundred." -John W. Gardner
"Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity." -Khalil Gibran
"I don't want my faith level to go up or down. And so I don't fear." -Tammy Faye Bakker
"I seem to be attracted to the quiet, brooding type. But not too brooding. Too brooding can be narcissistic. Or psychotic." -Kelli Garner
"Nothing is more beautiful than the loveliness of the woods before sunrise." -George Washington Carver
"Patience, n. A minor form of dispair, disguised as a virtue." -Ambrose Bierce
"The martial music of every sideburned delinquent on the face of the earth." -Frank Sinatra
"Wisdom not only gets, but once got, retains." -Francis Quarles
"I'm aware that people see me as a sex symbol. But I know I can act." -Diora Baird
"We must not always talk in the market-place of what happens to us in the forest." -Nathaniel Hawthorne
"Out of control judicial activism threatens traditional marriage in America." -Ernest Istook
"One of the beautiful things about podcasting is that I'm not beholding to some public entity." -Bryan Callen
"Lord, I'm going to hold steady on to You and You've got to see me through." -Harriet Tubman
"Worry is interest paid on trouble before it comes due." -William Ralph Inge
"You can't stay married in a situation where you are afraid to go to sleep in case your wife might cut your throat." -Mike Tyson
"I don't follow sports that much now, but I was a Phoenix Suns fanatic in the early '90s." -Jesse Eisenberg
"You're the only one who's closing your eyes at night. There's no one else who can do it for you." -James Caan
"I told them I wouldn't sign a blank cheque." -Glenda Jackson
"Injuries obviously change the way you approach the game." -Brett Favre
"I'm perplexed, though, by your application of the term 'negative' to my figural imagery." -Brian Ferneyhough
"I'm rubbish at Twitter." -Laura Carmichael
"We are not permitted to choose the frame of our destiny. But what we put into it is ours." -Dag Hammarskjold
"People get really irritated by mental illness." -Maria Bamford
"The average married man lives two thousand and five days longer than his single counterpart, albeit with less reason." -Michael Feldman
"I am not a member of any organized political party. I am a Democrat." -Will Rogers
"It's a shame the Manchester United situation turned sour." -Paul Ince
"Erotic or sexual love can truly be love if it is not selfishly sexual or lustful." -Mortimer Adler
"I'm straight and I have a lot of gay friends." -Laura Innes
"It sometimes feels like a strange movie, you know, it's all so weird that sometimes I wonder if it is really happening." -Eminem
"Don't brood. Get on with living and loving. You don't have forever." -Leo Buscaglia
"South Dakota is a great state because of its values, not because of dependence on government." -Laura Ingraham
"We must all suffer one of two things: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret or disappointment." -Jim Rohn
"The constant flux and caprice of mental events do not admit of the establishment of stable experimental conditions." -Hermann Ebbinghaus
"I don't go to that many Broadway shows, so I can't really say anything." -Kenneth Edmonds
"Writing is an act of faith, not a trick of grammar." -E. B. White
"It's business, selling comics, you work out what sells and you don't want to muck about with it too much." -Eddie Campbell
"Great abundance of riches cannot be gathered and kept by any man without sin." -Desiderius Erasmus
"I have never been attracted to any kind of violence." -Kate Adie
"Metallica is a very complicated, fragile thing. On the outside, it's all metal, but on the inside it's very delicate." -Kirk Hammett
"Quick decisions are unsafe decisions." -Sophocles
"The goal of socialism is communism." -Vladimir Lenin
"You must learn to be still in the midst of activity and to be vibrantly alive in repose." -Indira Gandhi
"I think what actually works best is local-level individual targeting of key leadership nodes." -John Abizaid
"The biggest thrill you can have is to tell people one of your songs, and have them be able to hum it." -Marvin Hamlisch
"Frustration, although quite painful at times, is a very positive and essential part of success." -Bo Bennett
"Optimism - the doctrine or belief that everything is beautiful, including what is ugly." -Ambrose Bierce
"I just love the thrill of performing on stage. I believe that singing is something I was put here to do." -Lucy Hale
"I think I will die laughing." -Jeanne Calment
"Apparently, I have a totally different sense of humour." -Andrew Eldritch
"Humor is the instinct for taking pain playfully." -Max Eastman
"All my dreams are coming true all across the board for some reason." -Jay Electronica
"Heaven will be no heaven to me if I do not meet my wife there." -Andrew Jackson
"'Vinyl' is a good look at the music industry. The script was honest." -Phil Daniels
"Beauty of whatever kind, in its supreme development, invariably excites the sensitive soul to tears." -Edgar Allan Poe
"Boom, crush. Night, losers. Winning, duh." -Charlie Sheen
"I started my career as a singer in Japan, but left it all behind to focus on my dancing career." -Carrie Ann Inaba
"I believe in a long, prolonged, derangement of the senses in order to obtain the unknown." -Jim Morrison
"If I am a Republican shill, wouldn't you think I am the least amount of a threat to the president?" -Jeff Gannon
"I don't blame my own parents for the way I grew up, as quite often there is little choice in these issues." -Peter Garrett
"Young readers have to be entertained. No child reads fiction because they think it's going to make them a better person." -Mark Haddon
"Money is everywhere but so is poetry. What we lack are the poets." -Federico Fellini
"Victory is the child of preparation and determination." -Sean Hampton
"Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school." -Albert Einstein
"We're not hard people." -Cheryl James
"Editing is not a part of the filmmaking process I've ever been privy to as an actress." -Vera Farmiga
"I come from a very left wing Socialist family, anti-war and anti-empire." -Marianne Faithfull
"I didn't study Greek mythology in school and I wish I had." -Eric Bana
"It seems that fighting is a game where everybody is the loser." -Zora Neale Hurston
"Your big opportunity may be right where you are now." -Napoleon Hill
"Let us raise a standard to which the wise and honest can repair; the rest is in the hands of God." -George Washington
"Think you're escaping and run into yourself. Longest way round is the shortest way home." -James Joyce
"The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart." -Robert Green Ingersoll
"A lot of people watch 'Community,' but DVR viewings only count if you watch within a certain time." -Gillian Jacobs
"The scoreline is a bit flattering really." -Kenny Dalglish
"What you believe about who you are, where you came from, affects your whole worldview." -Ken Ham
"I'm not crazy about the rap thing. Or house music." -Wolfman Jack
"It's not very fun to do spectroscopy." -Garik Israelian
"Imagination was given to man to compensate him for what he is not; a sense of humor to console him for what he is." -Francis Bacon
"I kept a diary right after I was born. Day 1: Tired from the move. Day 2: Everyone thinks I'm an idiot." -Steven Wright
"My wife watches me like a hawk." -Carl Icahn
"Goodness is uneventful. It does not flash, it glows." -Ray Stannard Baker
"Age does not depend upon years, but upon temperament and health. Some men are born old, and some never grow so." -Tryon Edwards
"The privilege of being a writer is that you have this opportunity to slow down and to consider things." -Chris Abani
"I think from a very young age I always have this desire to perform." -Victor Garber
"Design is a plan for arranging elements in such a way as best to accomplish a particular purpose." -Charles Eames
"There's nothing better than achieving your goals, whatever they might be." -Paloma Faith
"The collective energy of everyone is what really made Business 2.0 exciting." -James Daly
"But what was my motivation was music, and the fact that I love to move around. I'm always moving around." -Suzanne Farrell
"If I could only have cash, I know that I would spend very little." -Amanda Eliasch
"The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you." -Elbert Hubbard
"I think there is something about coming to a city to work that puts you in touch with it in a different way." -Marilyn Hacker
"A work of art which did not begin in emotion is not art." -Paul Cezanne
"The highest reward for a person's toil is not what they get for it, but what they become by it." -John Ruskin
"Rational beliefs bring us closer to getting good results in the real world." -Albert Ellis
"Prepare for the unknown by studying how others in the past have coped with the unforeseeable and the unpredictable." -George S. Patton
"I can't say that I've changed anybody's life, ever, and that's the real work of the world, if you want a better society." -Charles Kuralt
"The way sci-fi works, you can never die." -Freema Agyeman
"One guy wanted an outline of my foot. Another guy wanted locks of my hair." -Nicole Eggert
"Information agencies operate in an industry that values data. Restricted access to information is what makes it valuable." -Hasan M. Elahi
"Strong female leads are important." -Chris Hemsworth
"Grief can't be shared. Everyone carries it alone. His own burden in his own way." -Anne Morrow Lindbergh
"I'm glad the truth is out. I'm glad everyone knows I'm innocent, not guilty." -Sean Combs
"I wake about 1 a.m. I'm in the office by 2 a.m. We're on the air at 5." -Bob Edwards
"In writing, I search for believability, simplicity and emotional impact." -Hal David
"The topic of slavery is like an electric fence. Touch it and people will react." -Edward Ball
"I hope the example of Saddam Hussein will give a lesson to leaders of other countries where human rights are not respected." -Shirin Ebadi
"Set high standards and few limitations for yourself." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
"You have to prioritize what you stress about when you have a child." -Adele
"Photography, alone of the arts, seems perfected to serve the desire humans have for a moment - this very moment - to stay." -Sam Abell
"What shall I say, O Muslims, I know not myself, I am neither a Christian, nor a Jew, nor a Zoroastrian, nor a Muslim." -Rumi
"One must always draw, draw with the eyes, when one cannot draw with a pencil." -Balthus
"My life has gotten so much better since I turned 40." -Brooke Adams
"On life's vast ocean diversely we sail. Reasons the card, but passion the gale." -Alexander Pope
"A woman is like a tea bag - you can't tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water." -Eleanor Roosevelt
"The way you look for songs, you find yourself looking for little signals and clues about life and how things are." -Tom T. Hall
"My music is an extension of who I am and what I went through and what I know musically." -Casey James
"A happy life is one which is in accordance with its own nature." -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"Comedy is not something that a person can fake or learn how to do." -Lizzy Caplan
"My forebears refused to cut the sugar cane for plantation owners, and I am recognisably a product of that background." -Diane Abbott
"I never wanted to be an actor. I got stuck in it and kind of liked what I was doing." -James Garner
"To me, marriage is partly a religious thing and I'm not religious." -Alastair Campbell
"To be in theater you have to be a kind of psychologist, for you're always trying to understand character and motives." -John Eldredge
"Comedy is not funny. Comedy is hard work and timing and lots and lots of rehearsals." -Larry Hagman
"I gravitate toward the team thing. I'm not a golfer - I much prefer basketball." -Michael Eisner
"You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them." -Desmond Tutu
"To find one's calling is perhaps not the easiest thing in the world, but probably the most important." -Boman Irani
"For me, the bulimia was about stuffing my emotions. So I stopped suppressing my feelings." -Cheryl James
"When the music business failed to embrace the Internet, I thought it was game, set and match for the industry, and I quit." -Tony Fernandes
"There is just one life for each of us: our own." -Euripides
"I am the girliest girl." -Kirsty Gallacher
"The Internet has definitely opened doors and leveled the playing field for musicians." -Vivian Campbell
"I find I have to give myself a day when I just shut myself off and do nothing but read." -Christopher Hampton
"If you want me to sing this Christmas song with the feeling and the meaning, you better see if you can locate that check." -Mahalia Jackson
"The most important thing is to not waste your money." -Gareth Bale
"Sometimes the creating that we do is creating a platform that allows other creative people to pitch in." -Theaster Gates
"I believe that if you eat well, you work even better." -Ferran Adria
"Architecture tends to consume everything else, it has become one's entire life." -Arne Jacobsen
"I did 125 films, and over 100 television shows, and you've never seen the same character twice." -Brion James
"I don't want to be involved in endless media gossip." -Kate Adie
"I am an underwater explorer, not a treasure hunter." -Robert Ballard
"Sometimes people who are Jewish are held to a higher standard which sometimes we take great pride in." -Gary Ackerman
"I have earned enough to take it a bit easier now." -Miguel Indurain
"A person's a person, no matter how small." -Dr. Seuss
"As a child, the paddy field was my playground." -Abdullah Ahmad Badawi
"Belief creates the actual fact." -William James
"Just as the Red Sox proved the critics wrong, Maine can compete and can win." -John Baldacci
"You cannot make a revolution with silk gloves." -Joseph Stalin
"Yes, they wanted me to sign a contract of exclusivity, and I refused." -Claudia Cardinale
"Unbeliever is he who follows predestination even if he be Muslim, Faithful is he, if he himself is the Divine Destiny." -Muhammad Iqbal
"Sit in reverie and watch the changing color of the waves that break upon the idle seashore of the mind." -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"Formerly government was the responsibility of people; now people were the responsibility of government." -Garet Garrett
"An actor without an audience is rehearsing." -Sarah Wayne Callies
"Economy does not lie in sparing money, but in spending it wisely." -Thomas Huxley
"Silence is golden when you can't think of a good answer." -Muhammad Ali
"We must not enable anyone to impose his personal view regarding religion on others by force, oppression, or pressure." -Shirin Ebadi
"So, you know, I think the age of exploration is just beginning, not ending, on our planet." -Robert Ballard
"Accessible design is good design." -Steve Ballmer
"An optimist is a fellow who believes a housefly is looking for a way to get out." -George Jean Nathan
"The deepest experience of the creator is feminine, for it is experience of receiving and bearing." -Rainer Maria Rilke
"Ring out the false, ring in the true." -Alfred Lord Tennyson
"When God hands you a gift, he also hands you a whip; and the whip is intended for self-flagellation solely." -Truman Capote
"A box without hinges, key, or lid, yet golden treasure inside is hid." -J. R. R. Tolkien
"I've always known my own mind, and I'm not shy about speaking it." -Katy B
"India is not a capitalist nation and should never be a capitalist nation." -Anil Agarwal
"The truth is you don't know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy ride, and nothing is guaranteed." -Eminem
"The tree that is beside the running water is fresher and gives more fruit." -Saint Teresa of Avila
"I love being able to take a nap in the afternoon." -Edie Falco
"Nothing exists except through language." -Hans-Georg Gadamer
"I like the spontaneity; I like to just get people together and hit 'record' so hopefully it has got a liveliness about it." -Stevie Jackson
"I'm a man, I'm not just a fashion designer." -Stefano Gabbana
"On 'Grey's Anatomy,' I didn't have to move too much. I think I ran through the hospital three times." -Eric Dane
"I was the Chair of the first department of medical physics in a medical school in the U.S." -John Cameron
"When the sword is once drawn, the passions of men observe no bounds of moderation." -Alexander Hamilton
"Thrillers are my favorite. I like stuff that keeps you on the edge of your seat or maybe makes you jump." -Corey Feldman
"Peace in Palestine is inevitable. The question is how do we make it happen today." -Darrell Issa
"Men and women belong to different species and communications between them is still in its infancy." -Bill Cosby
"God's love doesn't leave out Jews or Muslims or anyone." -Dyan Cannon
"Asking the right questions takes as much skill as giving the right answers." -Robert Half
"I curate my T.V.-watching quite carefully." -Gaby Hoffmann
"Everyone can have a bad day." -Nikki Haley
"Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself." -Andrew Carnegie
"Metal is still the biggest music now in America." -Sebastian Bach
"Jimi Hendrix's music was escapism." -Perry Farrell
"I have a living room full of clothes. It's insane." -Afrojack
"Skillful pilots gain their reputation from storms and tempest." -Epicurus
"The meaning of things lies not in the things themselves, but in our attitude towards them." -Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"I think if I weren't so beautiful, maybe, I'd have more character." -Jerry Hall
"It is important to have permanent safe spaces in Harlem." -Geoffrey Canada
"Passion is a sort of fever in the mind, which ever leaves us weaker than it found us." -William Penn
"To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often." -Winston Churchill
"The purpose of armed struggle is not simply to kill... its purpose is to reach a political goal." -Abu Abbas
"I love people who try to keep the world in control - because the world is inherently not in control." -Ana Gasteyer
"A friend is, as it were, a second self." -Marcus Tullius Cicero
"People believed what I said was what I believed." -Bob Ehrlich
"I spent 20 years of my career primarily being a writer for hire." -Frank Darabont
"For me, politeness is a sine qua non of civilization." -Robert A. Heinlein
"When I was nearly twelve years old, my kind mistress sickened and died." -Harriet Ann Jacobs
"It is rare to find a business partner who is selfless. If you are lucky it happens once in a lifetime." -Michael Eisner
"Every single diet I ever fell off of was because of potatoes and gravy of some sort." -Dolly Parton
"When I was recording my first solo album 'Imaginaryland,' I was listening to a lot of movie scores." -Petra Haden
"You need great passion, because everything you do with great pleasure, you do well." -Juan Manuel Fangio
"In the end, everything is a gag." -Charlie Chaplin
"There is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so." -William Shakespeare
"Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen." -Michael Jordan
"Prayer is man's greatest power!" -W. Clement Stone
"Your talent is your art. It is not to be taken for granted." -Paula Abdul
"We need happy, productive citizens on our planet for us to survive." -Kimberly Elise
"You can only predict things after they have happened." -Eugene Ionesco
"I never realized until lately that women were supposed to be the inferior sex." -Katharine Hepburn
"Bulldogs have been known to fall on their swords when confronted by my superior tenacity." -Margaret Halsey
"I want to organize so that women see ourselves as people who are entitled to power, entitled to leadership." -Patricia Ireland
"Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours." -John Locke
"It is unfortunate, considering that enthusiasm moves the world, that so few enthusiasts can be trusted to speak the truth." -Arthur Balfour
"Despite its flaws, the American electoral system has produced Lincoln, the two Roosevelts, and Harry Truman." -Robert Dallek
"Let's hope I never end up on a deserted island, because I could never make a decision on which three CDs to take with me." -Willem Dafoe
"I'm quite repulsed by the diva type." -Siobhan Fahey
"If you will read again what is written, you will see how it was." -Black Elk
"What Einstein was able to do was - to use a cliche - think out of the box." -Walter Isaacson
"I really learned how to act on camera through 'Power Rangers' because I hadn't done a lot of film and TV." -Erin Cahill
"Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"More flirtatious than me. I couldn't work it like she did." -Brittany Daniel
"It takes a great man to be a good listener." -Calvin Coolidge
"Let us now set forth one of the fundamental truths about marriage: the wife is in charge." -Bill Cosby
"We cannot tear out a single page of our life, but we can throw the whole book in the fire." -George Sand
"I wept not, so to stone within I grew." -Dante Alighieri
"The only difference between the saint and the sinner is that every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future." -Oscar Wilde
"Going into my 20s, I was uncertain, trying to figure out what my relationship to acting is." -Gaby Hoffmann
"Many men have been capable of doing a wise thing, more a cunning thing, but very few a generous thing." -Alexander Pope
"Stand up and face your fears, or they will defeat you." -LL Cool J
"Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other." -John F. Kennedy
"Some of us have great original ideas and some of us depend on adaptations." -Frank Darabont
"Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it." -Charles R. Swindoll
"A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at." -Bruce Lee
"I'm always shy and timid when I write in front of people." -Colbie Caillat
"The quickest way to become troubled is to be concerned with what people are gonna say about your life and your work." -Ahmad Jamal
"All the gold which is under or upon the earth is not enough to give in exchange for virtue." -Plato
"In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves." -Buddha
"The family is the school of duties - founded on love." -Felix Adler
"My sisters were going out with artists and poets, and eventually it was the creative world which attracted me." -Luc Ferrari
"I'll be ready. I'm ready right now." -Jeff Garcia
"All the world has been converted and Washington is the modem Mecca." -C. L. R. James
"When I saw 'Talk to Her' for the first time, I was crying out loud because I couldn't imagine that I was doing that film." -Javier Camara
"Engagement is not appeasement. Engagement is not surrender." -Chuck Hagel
"I've been taking longer to write stories lately." -Greg Egan
"Stephen King has inspired me with his humor and honesty, and his admonition that the author's job is to tell the truth." -Barry Eisler
"The soul is dyed with the color of its leisure thoughts." -Dean Inge
"Love's stronger than fear and death." -Steve Hackett
"I like challenges that test your ingenuity." -Colin Baker
"I try to show that I have no fear. When you grow up hungry, you're not afraid of anything." -Angel Cabrera
"Stardom can be a gilded slavery." -Helen Hayes
"For the first time I'm free to be myself." -Ed Balls
"I'm a very proud actor." -F. Murray Abraham
"Education is the only billion dollar industry that tolerates abject failure." -Geoffrey Canada
"I've been in show business for 50, no, 60 years. I was approached in school to join a variety act." -Kenny Baker
"You see, rock and roll isn't a career or hobby - it's a life force. It's something very essential." -The Edge
"Never look backwards or you'll fall down the stairs." -Rudyard Kipling
"Every actress hopes to play a wide range of characters because not often you don't." -Megalyn Echikunwoke
"Things do not happen. Things are made to happen." -John F. Kennedy
"Take away paradox from the thinker and you have a professor." -Soren Kierkegaard
"Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace." -Buddha
"I have problems with machines which aren't gestural." -Luc Ferrari
"Poetry should... should strike the reader as a wording of his own highest thoughts, and appear almost a remembrance." -John Keats
"Go for it now. The future is promised to no one." -Wayne Dyer
"A thousand painters ought to be killed yearly. Say what you like: I'm every inch a painter." -Paul Cezanne
"There is more stupidity than hydrogen in the universe, and it has a longer shelf life." -Frank Zappa
"I was a great dreamer of day dreams." -Abraham Cahan
"History never really says goodbye. History says, 'See you later.'" -Eduardo Galeano
"When you're as plain as I am, you've gotta have a gimmick." -Ralph Hall
"However many blessings we expect from God, His infinite liberality will always exceed all our wishes and our thoughts." -John Calvin
"I got a lovely check today from being a writer that I earned by sitting at home. That's rewarding." -Harvey Fierstein
"Whatever your dream is, every extra penny you have needs to be going to that." -Will Smith
"Let me know myself; let others guess at me." -Joseph Hall
"Philanthropy without scale and sustainability is like any other bad business that will simply wither and die on the vine." -Naveen Jain
"His name is Michael Jackson, not Super Michael Jackson. He makes mistakes just like all of us." -Heavy D
"I see theater as a simple formula. Audience plus players plus story makes the play." -Christian Camargo
"A rolling stone gathers no moss, but it gains a certain polish." -Oliver Herford
"Stop doing what the record companies are doing and do what's in your heart." -Leif Garrett
"On the ordinary view of each species having been independently created, we gain no scientific explanation." -Charles Darwin
"Aim for the highest." -Andrew Carnegie
"I feel that its our children who do give us hope because they are the ones who are going to save the world." -Blythe Danner
"We have a very active testing community which people don't often think about when you have open source." -Mitchell Baker
"We do not rejoice in victories. We rejoice when a new kind of cotton is grown and when strawberries bloom in Israel." -Golda Meir
"Marriage is give and take. You'd better give it to her or she'll take it anyway." -Joey Adams
"Giving should be entered into in just the same way as investing. Giving is investing." -John D. Rockefeller
"Difficult times always create opportunities for you to experience more love in your life." -Barbara de Angelis
"I have started that which the country will not willingly let die." -Cleveland Abbe
"I don't have no fear of death. My only fear is coming back reincarnated." -Tupac Shakur
"I was a big fan of Super Troopers, so working with the Broken Lizard guys was so much fun." -Olivia Munn
"Baseball is a red-blooded sport for red-blooded men. It's no pink tea, and mollycoddles had better stay out." -Ryan Cabrera
"I don't watch my movies. I just get too critical of myself." -John Candy
"I mean, everybody should have access to medical care. And, you know, it shouldn't be such a big deal." -Paul Farmer
"Seneca brings vividly before us a picture of the various scholars assembled in a school of the philosophers." -Frederic William Farrar
"A lot of people are obsessed with looking cool. They feel they have to look after their image." -Adrian Edmondson
"You have to dream before your dreams can come true." -A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
"The coolest things in life are things that you have not done before. That's the key to life: new things always." -Afrojack
"Let him who would enjoy a good future waste none of his present." -Roger Babson
"Animation is tremendously resilient. Animation will recover, as art always recovers. There's always cycles of good art." -Ralph Bakshi
"I think I value things more correctly. I hope I look at my life in a way that makes sense." -Oded Fehr
"I actually find extroversion to be a really appealing personality style." -Susan Cain
"Opening a family-style restaurant with comfort food like mac 'n' cheese, ribs and burgers has always been my dream." -Bridget Hall
"When you live on the road, going home is a place to escape and just be with your family to unwind." -Jonathan Davis
"Behind a smoke screen of high-profile female appointees and soothing slogans, George W. Bush is waging war on women." -Molly Ivins
"Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action." -Peter Drucker
"I probably went to musique concrete concerts - though not the very first ones - at the beginning of the 50s." -Luc Ferrari
"I mean, they censor your work when they're scared of it." -Kathy Acker
"Discipline is part of my professional training as a lawyer." -Mohamed ElBaradei
"Occupy Wall Street is a real movement." -Russ Feingold
"If you think you're free, there's no escape possible." -Ram Dass
"I'm not going to just say nice things about everybody unless I mean it." -F. Murray Abraham
"America is still mostly xenophobic and racist. That's the nature of America, I think." -Jerry Garcia
"We, who are the living, possess the past. Tomorrow is for our martyrs." -James L. Farmer, Jr.
"My coach was a great politician, so he did most of the work. He was good." -Dorothy Hamill
"I'm reading a book, because I'm brainy. No, it is a book - if you don't know, it is like a blog except bigger." -Craig Ferguson
"Grandfather, Great Spirit, once more behold me on earth and lean to hear my feeble voice." -Black Elk
"When I was initially charged I still thought I was not guilty because I had followed the rules." -Andrew Fastow
"There are an infinite number of boring things to do in science." -David Eagleman
"Old people love to give good advice; it compensates them for their inability to set a bad example." -Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"I'm not a flying fan. I can't bear it." -Tamsin Egerton
"That's really one of the things I love about video games. It's a whole new world every time you start." -Jennifer Hale
"If I see a movie on TV that I'm in, I usually will watch it for that reason: It's like I'm watching another person." -Dakota Fanning
"I'm not really the party person. I don't 'become myself' once I'm drunk. I don't use alcohol to be happy." -Jessie J
"New York's my home. Born and raised. I'm a New Yorker to the bone." -Vanessa Ferlito
"Any biographer must of necessity become a pilgrim a peripatetic, obsessed literary pilgrim, a traveler with four eyes." -Leon Edel
"I never want to quit playing ball. They'll have to cut this uniform off of me to get me out of it." -Roy Campanella
"Winning may not be everything, but losing has little to recommend it." -Dianne Feinstein
"I'm dating a very high-maintenance career." -Aimee Garcia
"You can observe a lot by just watching." -Yogi Berra
"Shallows where a lamb could wade and depths where an elephant would drown." -Matthew Henry
"If we take science as our sole guide, if we accept and hold fast that alone which is verifiable, the old theology must go." -John Burroughs
"It's always a surprise! This business is always an adventure." -Tony Hale
"I'm a firm believer and I think my religion is inside." -Billy Eckstine
"There are obviously two educations. One should teach us how to make a living and the other how to live." -James Truslow Adams
"The more highly public life is organized the lower does its morality sink." -E. M. Forster
"Rap is from the streets and I'm from the streets. That's why a lot of people accept me." -Vanilla Ice
"Teaching someone to be funny is like teaching someone to be fast. They're already fast. You're just making them faster." -Ali Farahnakian
"Spectroscopy can probably answer the question, 'Is there anybody out there?' Are we alone?" -Garik Israelian
"Creatively, I'd like to achieve not only being an artist, but being a businessman and having my own music home." -Anthony Hamilton
"I was actually born in Miami. We would spend the summers there growing up, so it's like my second home." -Dominik Garcia-Lorido
"Charity begins at home, but should not end there." -Thomas Fuller
"I encourage women to just feel good about who you are." -Anthony Hamilton
"If you want a quality, act as if you already had it." -William James
"My audience is, you know, pinkos in big cities." -Steve Earle
"I'm not sure how a world leader reacts to the work of a clown." -Darrell Hammond
"None of the other guys in the band really sang, so that's when I brought Roy Clark in." -Wanda Jackson
"We all ended up jumping up and down, hugging each other when Ali won;cause Ali is the greatest." -Jim Capaldi
"But I do think its necessary to have debates." -Geraldine Ferraro
"Is freedom anything else than the right to live as we wish? Nothing else." -Epictetus
"Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises." -Samuel Butler
"My mother had a book club that would dissolve into opening wine." -Tim Federle
"To my embarrassment I was born in bed with a lady." -Wilson Mizner
"I have walked into the palaces of kings and queens and into the houses of presidents. And much more." -Josephine Baker
"I think - there's always going to be a percentage of people who maybe aren't as good as others." -Jim Bakker
"I am a tender, beautiful and loving guy that happens to slap a photographer now and then because they get in my way." -Liam Gallagher
"I've always said that if you have songs on the radio and get played, you've got to have a tour to support that." -Alan Jackson
"You don't have to burn books to destroy a culture. Just get people to stop reading them." -Ray Bradbury
"Few of us get anything without working for it." -William Feather
"It's also a more personal medium. It seems to go directly to one's brain. There are no pictures to distract." -Bob Edwards
"My dream is to reform the legal system over the next 20 years." -David Eagleman
"The Self-Educated are marked by stubborn peculiarities." -Isaac D'Israeli
"If I'm within reach and can be helpful, I have a tendency to say 'Yes.' It's hard to say 'No.'" -Marvin Hamlisch
"Spoon feeding in the long run teaches us nothing but the shape of the spoon." -E. M. Forster
"Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart." -Washington Irving
"I still can't set up the ironing-board. A complete Luddite." -Jenny Eclair
"Don't find fault, find a remedy." -Henry Ford
"My father, he was like the rock, the guy you went to with every problem." -Gwyneth Paltrow
"I have the right to shine my light! That's what all women have. Once you own that, you can almost always shine your light." -Kimberly Elise
"Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted." -Denis Waitley
"When I first came to London, I loved hanging around in cafes, smoking, scribbling, dreaming. It was life-affirming and fun." -Peter Capaldi
"Marriage, in life, is like a duel in the midst of a battle." -Edmond About
"In any war, there is a concealment of certain kinds of setbacks because it's propaganda for the enemy." -Kate Adie
"I don't care about money. I really don't care. I just want to do what I do." -John Galliano
"It's not like learning how to hit a curve ball in baseball." -Floyd Abrams
"The bottom line: If you want a happier family, bring those skeletons out of the closet." -Bruce Feiler
"Till now man has been up against Nature; from now on he will be up against his own nature." -Dennis Gabor
"I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I have ever known." -Walt Disney
"Of all the Jedis I saw in the film, Yoda's the only one I like." -Lawrence Halprin
"Jack Black is so funny! On and off screen, like, he would make you laugh every day. He's hilarious." -Caitlin Hale
"But what is drama? Broadly speaking, it is whatever by imitative action rouses interest or gives pleasure." -George Pierce Baker
"The purpose of human life is to serve, and to show compassion and the will to help others." -Albert Schweitzer
"Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over." -F. Scott Fitzgerald
"To wonder about life is not something we learn; it is something we forget." -Jostein Gaarder
"The great man is he who does not lose his child's-heart." -Mencius
"I have never wished to cater to the crowd; for what I know they do not approve, and what they approve I do not know." -Epicurus
"I think too much of the music industry is for the lawyer and accountant mentality." -Chuck D
"The great tragedy of science - the slaying of a beautiful hypothesis by an ugly fact." -Thomas Huxley
"The key to immortality is first living a life worth remembering." -Bruce Lee
"Whenever I get happy, I always have a terrible feeling." -Roman Polanski
"A community is like a ship; everyone ought to be prepared to take the helm." -Henrik Ibsen
"No one's on at my time but infomercials." -Carson Daly
"I cut my own hair most of the time. You just do it all by feel." -Simon Baker
"For what shall it profit a man, if he gain the whole world, and suffer the loss of his soul?" -Jesus Christ
"My parents taught me to believe that through the creative act, we're able to transcend and give a response to desecration." -Atom Egoyan
"One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives." -Euripides
"I am not a demon. I am a lizard, a shark, a heat-seeking panther. I want to be Bob Denver on acid playing the accordion." -Nicolas Cage
"The trouble with life is that there are so many beautiful women and so little time." -John Barrymore
"Genius is the talent for seeing things straight." -Maude Adams
"The best cure for the body is a quiet mind." -Napoleon Bonaparte
"I never turn down scripts without good reason. If I did, I would probably never work." -Colin Baker
"In matters of conscience, first thoughts are best. In matters of prudence, last thoughts are best." -Robert Hall
"When I came to know theater, drama became valuable to me." -Asghar Farhadi
"Some people said my acting was a cross between Euell Gibbons, Rodney Allen Rippy and Sheena, Queen of the Jungle." -Wolfman Jack
"People let their guard down a little more when they're eating." -Shelley Moore Capito
"The best thing about my job, though, is stopping at the end of the day and rejoining the human universe." -Orson Scott Card
"I want to get married, but I'm always tortured in relationships." -Scott Caan
"Chase after the truth like all hell and you'll free yourself, even though you never touch its coat tails." -Clarence Darrow
"That which is not just is not law." -William Lloyd Garrison
"Let every dawn be to you as the beginning of life, and every setting sun be to you as its close." -John Ruskin
"I don't have a development deal, but the one thing I have learned is never say never. I will consider things as they come." -Nina Garcia
"I'm an idealist." -Bobby Cannavale
"Humor can bring people under the tent. And a good joke can deflect some of the intensity surrounding a serious subject." -Ted Danson
"If you want to produce really horrible, obnoxious kids, say yes to them all the time." -Ewan McGregor
"One is punished by the very things by which he sins." -Solomon Ibn Gabirol
"Technical problems are like gremlins. They come and go." -Eric Fellner
"Those that don't got it, can't show it. Those that got it, can't hide it." -Zora Neale Hurston
"I'm reflective only in the sense that I learn to move forward. I reflect with a purpose." -Kobe Bryant
"Why would anyone lie? The truth is always more colorful." -James Hall
"America gains most when individuals have great freedom to pursue personal goals without undue government interference." -Sylvia Earle
"I am only 8 years old, I told myself. No little boy of 8 has ever murdered anyone. It's not possible." -Roald Dahl
"Age considers; youth ventures." -Rabindranath Tagore
"Smile, it is the key that fits the lock of everybody's heart." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
"Failure is impossible." -Susan B. Anthony
"Rap music is amazing, it's beautiful. But the problem is the lyrics. The person who writes the lyrics - that's the problem." -Emmanuel Jal
"I'm human, just like anybody else." -Ben Affleck
"If we don't stand up for children, then we don't stand for much." -Marian Wright Edelman
"Hey, we have obligations. We all work for a living now." -Michael Irvin
"Haven't you felt a peculiar sort of worry about the chair in your living room that no one sits in?" -Nicholson Baker
"I'm interested in playing old ladies because I am becoming one. And I want to become a very good one!" -Tyne Daly
"I think it is important that we rebuild an atmosphere of forgiveness and civility in every aspect of our lives." -T. D. Jakes
"If they're singing about heartbreak, they've lived it." -Paula Abdul
"Male figure skating is different than female figure skating; we're not America's sweetheart." -Scott Hamilton
"Freedom is from within." -Frank Lloyd Wright
"There's the person that's the addict, and then there's the person that's who you are." -Daniel Baldwin
"I am free of all prejudices. I hate everyone equally." -W. C. Fields
"You are always new, the last of your kisses was ever the sweetest." -John Keats
"People buy products, and they want to understand what those things are and how they are applicable to their life." -Tony Fadell
"Business is in itself a power." -Garet Garrett
"I have not killed anyone. They will not let me." -Dashiell Hammett
"Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards." -Soren Kierkegaard
"A true friend is someone who thinks that you are a good egg even though he knows that you are slightly cracked." -Bernard Meltzer
"My workout was running down fly balls, stealing a base, or running for my life on the football field." -Bo Jackson
"I loved Carl Perkins, Jerry lee Lewis... not only were they personal friends." -Wanda Jackson
"The death of one man is a tragedy. The death of millions is a statistic." -Joseph Stalin
"Spare all I have, and take my life." -George Farquhar
"I would not have a woman go to Congress merely because she is a woman." -Crystal Eastman
"You can still sit under the tree where Dr. Livingstone negotiated with slave traders to set people free." -Joyce Banda
"Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich." -Napoleon Bonaparte
"Even when there are times that we're not happy, happiness will creep in." -Dyan Cannon
"It's totally weird to see myself on a billboard!" -Kimberly Caldwell
"The will of the world is never the will of God." -William Hamilton
"You can't do anything to help your team win when you don't play." -Freddy Adu
"I think writers are very anxious." -Helen Garner
"No one ever confides a secret to one person only. No one destroys all copies of a document." -Renata Adler
"I'm not somebody who runs from the press. I'm not coy. I appreciate the press I've had over the years." -George Hamilton
"A theory can be proved by experiment; but no path leads from experiment to the birth of a theory." -Manfred Eigen
"Reality is only a Rorschach ink-blot, you know." -Alan Watts
"In every conceivable manner, the family is link to our past, bridge to our future." -Alex Haley
"I think Col. North is first a U.S. citizen and he has the same rights as you yourself do, sir." -Fawn Hall
"Honey, God loves everybody. It's human beings who mess things up." -Tammy Faye Bakker
"I have read your book and much like it." -Moses Hadas
"I've learned survival secrets from being on camera, and then translated them into everyday life." -Deidre Hall
"You can't have too much of everything, you must have a balance, that's very important." -Abdullah Ahmad Badawi
"I am extraordinarily patient, provided I get my own way in the end." -Margaret Thatcher
"True friends stab you in the front." -Oscar Wilde
"I play a lot of Playstation, and always trying to look pretty for the girls." -Freddy Adu
"Do not trust all men, but trust men of worth; the former course is silly, the latter a mark of prudence." -Democritus
"I live most of the time in New York now. I have an apartment there." -James Iha
"I believe entertainment can aspire to be art, and can become art, but if you set out to make art you're an idiot." -Steve Martin
"I sacrificed for the Dallas Cowboys when most quit. I put in overtime to try to help young players." -Charles Haley
"Some painters transform the sun into a yellow spot, others transform a yellow spot into the sun." -Pablo Picasso
"Once they get their hooks into you, you're a dead pigeon." -Bud Abbott
"A college education shows a man how little other people know." -Thomas Chandler Haliburton
"One thing you learned as a Cubs fan: when you bought you ticket, you could bank on seeing the bottom of the ninth." -Joe Garagiola
"I tend to play characters that aren't supposed to black or written black." -Megalyn Echikunwoke
"When we hang the capitalists they will sell us the rope we use." -Joseph Stalin
"I deal with unhappy marriages a lot. I've never been married, I'm single." -Paula Danziger
"Speak softly and carry a big stick; you will go far." -Theodore Roosevelt
"Big Brother doesn't like all these Little Brothers looking at it." -Hasan M. Elahi
"I'm used to driving fast; I'm a New Yorker." -DMX
"I'm not maximized yet." -Ashton Eaton
"One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got into my pajamas I'll never know." -Groucho Marx
"Xavier Gens is probably the busiest filmmaker that I know." -Michael Eklund
"My dad's not a very intimidating father figure." -Georgia Jagger
"We can stand affliction better than we can prosperity, for in prosperity we forget God." -Dwight L. Moody
"I think three-to-five years ahead minimum. I have a short-term plan, a five-year plan and a decade plan." -Steve Garvey
"I voted for the Deficit Reduction Package with significant heartburn over the student aid provisions." -Bob Inglis
"The ultimate revenge is being on Top Of The Pops." -Siobhan Fahey
"Now in my theater training I showed no aptitude at all." -Jeremy Irons
"Video games are a waste of time for men with nothing else to do. Real brains don't do that." -Ray Bradbury
"A man of honour should never forget what he is because he sees what others are." -Baltasar Gracian
"There are no rewards or punishments - only consequences." -William Ralph Inge
"I was born in Paris, and I haven't moved, except until now - I live in the suburbs and I hate it." -Luc Ferrari
"We do not want the men of another color for our brothers-in-law, but we do want them for our brothers." -Booker T. Washington
"The more business one has, the more you are able to accomplish, for you learn to economize your time." -Matthew Hale
"One of the key issues will be personal honour vs. the good of the many, and unforeseen consequences." -Raymond E. Feist
"Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice." -Anton Chekhov
"I never found a companion that was so companionable as solitude." -Henry David Thoreau
"Not to engage in the pursuit of ideas is to live like ants instead of like men." -Mortimer Adler
"I learned one thing - never hate a positive option." -Kevin Garnett
"The last thing I want to do is use my comedy as a partisan tool or as a method for preaching." -Armando Iannucci
"Whether you're a mechanic or you build houses or you work in an office, you don't have to like your boss." -Timothy F. Cahill
"I got a hundred bucks says my baby beats Pete's baby. I just think genetics are in my favour." -Andre Agassi
"Life is hard. After all, it kills you." -Katharine Hepburn
"'Pears like I prayed all the time, 'bout my work, everywhere, I prayed an' groaned to the Lord." -Harriet Tubman
"I have the most wonderful children. I've been very, very blessed." -Mia Farrow
"The talent for being happy is appreciating and liking what you have, instead of what you don't have." -Woody Allen
"I have a passion to do theater." -Amy Irving
"If I don't believe it, then they don't need me on the court. I've just got to believe that in my heart." -Allen Iverson
"In a confrontation with the politics of power, the soft center has always melted away." -Lord Hailsham
"Food is a passion. Food is love." -Hector Elizondo
"The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other peoples' money." -Margaret Thatcher
"As a 9th grader, I competed with the high school kids and out of 600 people, I finished 10th." -Bo Jackson
"There are certain regions in the country where the indigenous people eat dogs." -Jessica Hagedorn
"The fact is I'm not making a film in order to draw pictures or make images about Iran." -Asghar Farhadi
"Middle age occurs when you are too young to take up golf and too old to rush up to the net." -Franklin Pierce Adams
"You just have to make sure the model you're working on does not undersell your product." -Michael Eisner
"Perseverance - a lowly virtue whereby mediocrity achieves an inglorious success." -Ambrose Bierce
"I don't want to write, I'd rather draw." -Eddie Campbell
"I manage a team, for beach soccer. I'm the coach. Player, coach." -Eric Cantona
"Those who claim to have had happy lives seem to be silly fools." -Taylor Caldwell
"You know, men and women are a lot alike in certain situations. Like when they're both on fire - they're exactly alike." -Dave Attell
"CDs, too. Totally corporate. They look real cheap and soulless and they don't smell of anything." -Evan Dando
"I broke up the band in the office in Gerrard Street." -Georgie Fame
"God lets everything happen for a reason. It's all a learning process, and you have to go from one level to another." -Mike Tyson
"It is enjoyable to make things visible which are invisible." -Eric Cantona
"I have enough to think about - I just don't ever want to have to think about my car." -Scott Ian
"People tell me that Hollywood loves new faces, but I don't know. They're probably just being nice." -Jack Davenport
"The die is cast." -Julius Caesar
"If I'm tweeting about being somewhere, and I haven't replied to somebody's email from three days ago, that's quite rude." -Laura Carmichael
"I'm just basically telling a story of my life." -Jose Canseco
"Eastern medicine is not about curing your sickness. It's about keeping you well." -Tim Daly
"According to the papers, I'm miserable, alienated, and on the brink of resignation. But that's simply not where I am." -Vince Cable
"Coltrane was moving out of jazz into something else. And certainly Miles Davis was doing the same thing." -Jan Garbarek
"Einstein said, if everything exists as a substance of qualities, and qualities exist only in mind, then all is mind." -Dyan Cannon
"For myself, I am very small indeed in my own eyes." -Shmuel Yosef Agnon
"To be honest, makeup is a big part of what I do for a living." -Jessica Capshaw
"I love to take risks and see how I cope with the situation." -Hiam Abbass
"We are continually faced by great opportunities brilliantly disguised as insoluble problems." -Lee Iacocca
"It's fantastic because I've been living thousands of lives, not only my life." -Claudia Cardinale
"We have very specific rules about how we go to market with children, and I think they are very responsible." -Jim Cantalupo
"I don't care where I have to go for work. I just care that it's a good project. That's what I want." -Kate del Castillo
"I gave everything I had to basketball. The passion is still there, but the desire to play is not. It was a great ride." -Allen Iverson
"I never tried to emulate my father. Anyone trying to do that would be a second-rate carbon copy." -Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.
"The problem is with men. I know I shouldn't say this, but they've shrouded and hidden women to hide their incompetence." -John Galliano
"When people tell you how young you look, they are telling you how old you are." -Cary Grant
"My inspiration are the woman, friendship, and loneliness." -Enrique Iglesias
"Valor is stability, not of legs and arms, but of courage and the soul." -Michel de Montaigne
"My generation had the best years. We missed the Second World War and caught the outburst of rock 'n' roll." -Georgie Fame
"The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique." -Walt Disney
"Fortune has rarely condescended to be the companion of genius." -Isaac D'Israeli
"We are twice armed if we fight with faith." -Plato
"My biggest fear has always been being 40 and hating my job. I love challenges. I'm not afraid to try anything." -Carla Hall
"Comedy is my passion. I'm going to do this until I drop." -Gabriel Iglesias
"He sees no need for setting apart one day in seven as a holy day, since to him all days are God's." -Charles Eastman
"Poetry is when an emotion has found its thought and the thought has found words." -Robert Frost
"The secret of happiness is something to do." -John Burroughs
"Making the solution seem so completely inevitable and obvious, so uncontrived and natural - it's so hard!" -Jonathan Ive
"There is that in the glance of a flower which may at times control the greatest of creation's braggart lords." -John Muir
"I would love to do more family comedy." -Jamie Bamber
"The Postal Service delivers mail six days a week to nearly 140 million addresses. Every year this number increases by 2 million." -Joe Baca
"The cloud never comes from the quarter of the horizon from which we watch for it." -Elizabeth Gaskell
"You just keep pushing. You just keep pushing. I made every mistake that could be made. But I just kept pushing." -Rene Descartes
"We got a chance to go and play in some places that the usual European tour by an American band didn't go to." -Jack Irons
"The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life." -Richard Bach
"Ballroom is two people dancing together to music, touching in perfect harmony." -Anton du Beke
"I love Rob Schneider." -Ron Eldard
"The cries of the sufferers on the remaining part of the wreck were heard during the night." -Grace Darling
"Chaos often breeds life, when order breeds habit." -Henry Adams
"He that cannot forgive others breaks the bridge over which he must pass himself; for every man has need to be forgiven." -Thomas Fuller
"I'm that grumpy old guy yelling at all those pesky little Grizzly Bear fans to get offa my lawn." -Chuck Eddy
"Since very early in my career, I have always did my own stunt fighting." -Brion James
"God's mercy is fresh and new every morning." -Joyce Meyer
"I started writing because I got so frustrated that there weren't enough plays that had roles for young black women in them." -Katori Hall
"I always thought acting was all lights, camera, action. It's a job; you have to do your job correctly." -Corey Haim
"Time passes, and little by little everything that we have spoken in falsehood becomes true." -Marcel Proust
"The greatest gifts you can give your children are the roots of responsibility and the wings of independence." -Denis Waitley
"One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well." -Virginia Woolf
"We should look to the mind, and not to the outward appearance." -Aesop
"I've only ever trusted my gut on everything. I don't trust my head, I don't trust my heart, I trust my gut." -Bryan Adams
"Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today." -Malcolm X
"Our marriage is strictly in name only. It has never been consummated." -LaToya Jackson
"Conservative's the last thing I am." -Ewan McGregor
"In all our deeds, the proper value and respect for time determines success or failure." -Malcolm X
"There's always going to be the need for new medications, better medications." -Anthony Fauci
"Liberty cannot be established without morality, nor morality without faith." -Alexis de Tocqueville
"I've always craved to belong to somewhere, but I never have and never will." -Siobhan Fahey
"Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. And the third is to be kind." -Henry James
"The most common trouble with advertising is that it tries too hard to impress people." -James Randolph Adams
"I am a reluctant celebrity, in some ways." -Sade Adu
"There's so much left to achieve, there's so much more to do, there's so much that has not been done." -Blu Cantrell
"I wore a pink Betsey Johnson dress to my prom, and I pretty much looked like a pink cupcake. I loved that dress!" -Sarah Gadon
"I love flexing theater muscles. Television has merits as well, but there's no substitute for live theater." -Eddie Cahill
"When CD technology first came out, it was just so much waste." -Rick Danko
"We must respect the past, and mistrust the present, if we wish to provide for the safety of the future." -Joseph Joubert
"We always had lutefisk for Christmas dinner, after which Dad read from the Norwegian Bible." -Peter Agre
"We cast away priceless time in dreams, born of imagination, fed upon illusion, and put to death by reality." -Judy Garland
"The more you own, the more you know you don't own." -Aristotle Onassis
"Terror made me cruel." -Emily Bronte
"When Time is spent, Eternity begins." -Helen Hunt Jackson
"Artists probably should have some impenetrable aspects of themselves." -Simon Callow
"Our mission began with finding solutions for families, especially busy moms." -Kathy Ireland
"I've never tried to be something I'm not." -Vincent D'Onofrio
"I've never had someone pick outfits for me. Almost everything I get is from Goodwill." -Carla Gallo
"If you love it enough, anything will talk with you." -George Washington Carver
"I love comic books and I love anime." -Samuel L. Jackson
"I think there's an abundance of talent in America and there will never be not a lot of talent out there." -Randy Jackson
"Sometimes the best way to learn something is by doing it wrong and looking at what you did." -Neil Gaiman
"I really love comedy and weirdly enough, I love how my journey has ended up. I get to laugh all day long." -Anna Faris
"The hardest thing for me is not to keep laughing. Jennifer particularly is like a clown." -Victor Garber
"We did 112 shows and had 112 parties." -Tony Danza
"You teach a child to read, and he or her will be able to pass a literacy test." -George W. Bush
"It is still my dream to own a little flower shop." -Kirsty Gallacher
"We convince by our presence." -Walt Whitman
"I wish I was a more adventurous person in a way. But actually, security is a really big deal for me." -Romola Garai
"Wrestlers are a little more dedicated than, and are different from, the other people, which may be strange." -Dan Gable
"The whole point of taking a job is that you connect with a character or with an issue." -Michelle Fairley
"Nashville's like any other hometown - after a while, it's stifling." -Justin Townes Earle
"I was more influenced by players like Randy Rhoads and Eddie Van Halen than by the guys in southern rock bands." -Dimebag Darrell
"Diana was one of the quickest wits I knew; nobody made me laugh like her." -Sarah Ferguson
"Great God of the Ants, thou hast granted victory to thy servants. I appoint thee honorary Colonel." -Karel Capek
"I still sing on bits and pieces. Singing's something that I love to do, but it's not something that I pursue as a career." -Idris Elba
"There really is no difference between the bully and the victim." -Lady Gaga
"In my youth I thought I was going to be a professional rugby player." -Georgie Fame
"The world is full of hopeful analogies and handsome, dubious eggs, called possibilities." -George Eliot
"I see myself as a comic but the acting helps sell tickets for gigs." -Alan Davies
"Guys would hang out in groups just to be with the music." -Jim Capaldi
"I can do something else besides stuff a ball through a hoop. My biggest resource is my mind." -Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
"The future belongs to those who prepare for it today." -Malcolm X
"To give someone a blessing is the most significant affirmation we can offer." -Henri Nouwen
"Who will observe the observers?" -Arthur Eddington
"The reading of all good books is like a conversation with the finest minds of past centuries." -Rene Descartes
"I admire people who just do the right thing, not looking to screw people up. I love all people." -Jessica Hahn
"The world doesn't understand me and I don't understand the world, that's why I've withdrawn from it." -Paul Cezanne
"I feel a responsibility to continue creating complex roles for black women, especially young black women." -Katori Hall
"Politicisation of terrorism for narrow gains is not good for society in general and the country in particular." -Oscar Fernandes
"You look just like you!" -Eric Idle
"You get to a point where you really can't manage more artists, because representing artists takes a lot of time." -Larry Gagosian
"Weeds do become resistant to herbicides, and it needs to be managed with multiple herbicides." -Nina Fedoroff
"He is a very humble man, that thinks not himself better than some others." -Joseph Hall
"Golf is more fun than walking naked in a strange place, but not much." -Buddy Hackett
"My father was in the ad business, and he wanted to be a painter." -Bruce Campbell
"Congress is full of good, decent, smart people who have devoted their lives to public service." -Jonathan Haidt
"A lot of people can't stand touring but to me it's like breathing. I do it because I'm driven to do it." -Bob Dylan
"Anybody can be Pope; the proof of this is that I have become one." -Pope John XXIII
"To become a popular religion, it is only necessary for a superstition to enslave a philosophy." -William Ralph Inge
"I wanted to buy a candle holder, but the store didn't have one. So I got a cake." -Mitch Hedberg
"Too much of a good thing can be wonderful." -Mae West
"A man of genius makes no mistakes; his errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery." -James Joyce
"I've always liked Playboy; I think it's very tasteful." -Trishelle Cannatella
"A lie told often enough becomes the truth." -Vladimir Lenin
"Dan Curtis, our producer, has the idea that people like to see a stock company of actors." -Thayer David
"Both 'iCarly' and 'Victorious' fans are so hardcore and intense." -Jennette McCurdy
"A good photograph is knowing where to stand." -Ansel Adams
"Proud people breed sad sorrows for themselves." -Emily Bronte
"Love has a tide!" -Helen Hunt Jackson
"I think I've discovered the secret of life - you just hang around until you get used to it." -Charles M. Schulz
"They've got us surrounded again, the poor bastards." -Creighton Abrams
"Revolution begins with the self, in the self." -Toni Cade Bambara
"I'm trying to get my next job as a biracial action hero." -Pooch Hall
"I haven't been the best boyfriend or husband, and that means I don't get to spend every day with my daughter." -Gareth Gates
"Well I think that, if you want to look at polarizing people right now, I wouldn't look at Palin, I'd look at Barack Obama." -Laura Ingraham
"Secrecy is the element of all goodness; even virtue, even beauty is mysterious." -Thomas Carlyle
"I want people to remember me as a full on entertainer and a good person." -Aaliyah
"Resilience is accepting your new reality, even if it's less good than the one you had before." -Elizabeth Edwards
"To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders." -Lao Tzu
"When angry count to ten before you speak. If very angry, count to one hundred." -Thomas Jefferson
"Sharing the stage while singing my songs was a bit of a daunting prospect." -Gareth Gates
"If PJ Harvey ever came to town I'd definitely go try to go see her." -Matt Cameron
"Your intellect may be confused, but your emotions will never lie to you." -Roger Ebert
"The only antidote to mental suffering is physical pain." -Karl Marx
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing." -Edmund Burke
"So long as the memory of certain beloved friends lives in my heart, I shall say that life is good." -Helen Keller
"Our dreams must be stronger than our memories. We must be pulled by our dreams, rater than pushed by our memories." -Jesse Jackson
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up." -Thomas A. Edison
"America cannot continue to lead the family of nations around the world if we suffer the collapse of the family here at home." -Mitt Romney
"For breakfast I have grits, because I'm a Southern girl!" -Shanola Hampton
"The first precept was never to accept a thing as true until I knew it as such without a single doubt." -Rene Descartes
"A friend in power is a friend lost." -Henry Adams
"I came out singing, the doctor slapped me on the head, and I started singing." -Keith David
"Don't pray when it rains if you don't pray when the sun shines." -Satchel Paige
"Intense love does not measure, it just gives." -Mother Teresa
"Acting is an uncomfortable business because you have to make yourself vulnerable." -Beau Garrett
"I have close family members as well as lots of close friends who are gay. Many of them strongly support gay marriage." -Tony Abbott
"Become dust - and they will throw thee in the air; Become stone - and they will throw thee on glass." -Muhammad Iqbal
"I have been determined for the past couple of years to move away from all those Holiday programmes." -Jill Dando
"I'm a very early riser, and I don't like to miss that beautiful early morning light." -David Hockney
"Life's like a play: it's not the length, but the excellence of the acting that matters." -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"At least, in this situation, I know my chances of coming back could be slim because of the young talent the Yankees do have." -Johnny Damon
"Working out, for me, is sort of a meditation." -Nicole Eggert
"People don't walk away from their homes unless they can't make the payments. That's an indication that we are in a recession." -Eugene Fama
"The central question is simply put: What did the president know and when did he know it?" -Howard Baker
"Sales are contingent upon the attitude of the salesman - not the attitude of the prospect." -W. Clement Stone
"Our knowledge is a little island in a great ocean of nonknowledge." -Isaac Bashevis Singer
"Greenland is a wonderful country." -Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark
"I wanted to be one of the voices in the box." -Bob Edwards
"I would be married, but I'd have no wife, I would be married to a single life." -Charles Bukowski
"Experience is what you get while looking for something else." -Federico Fellini
"An idea, like a ghost, must be spoken to a little before it will explain itself." -Charles Dickens
"I've mellowed quite quickly." -Colin Baker
"I do not agree with what you have to say, but I'll defend to the death your right to say it." -Voltaire
"People are complicated. Our behavior towards one another is strange. So I like opportunities to investigate that." -Michael Fassbender
"Higher ceilings allow the use indirect lighting, which is much healthier and reduces glare." -Helmut Jahn
"We, in Prince Edward Island, are fully familiar with this modern phenomenon." -Alex Campbell
"Always keep that happy attitude. Pretend that you are holding a beautiful fragrant bouquet." -Earl Nightingale
"I say that I get paid to travel, and I play the shows for free." -Tyler Farr
"I tell it like it is. I tell it like I see it. I tell it like I envision it. I tell it like I live it." -Trick Daddy
"Man is raw and wild, that is one of the reasons why he needs the Christian teaching." -Alfred A. Montapert
"For my 'Perfect Chemistry' series, I did movie-style book trailers, and my fans went crazy for them." -Simone Elkeles
"There comes a point when a dream becomes reality and reality becomes a dream." -Frances Farmer
"Upholding human rights is not merely compatible with fighting terrorism, it is essential." -Joichi Ito
"Bruce Lee's fast pace, Jet Li's pretty style and Jet Li's acrobatics combine with Muay Thai for my own style." -Tony Jaa
"I think that the good and the great are only separated by the willingness to sacrifice." -Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
"You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back." -Barbara de Angelis
"It is not fitting, when one is in God's service, to have a gloomy face or a chilling look." -Francis of Assisi
"This haunting idea of becoming a celebrity doesn't settle well with me at all." -Vincent D'Onofrio
"A likely source for terrorists seeking to buy or steal nuclear materials is the former Soviet Union." -Lee H. Hamilton
"People who use time wisely spend it on activities that advance their overall purpose in life." -John C. Maxwell
"Beauty is worse than wine, it intoxicates both the holder and beholder." -Aldous Huxley
"Sometimes I do get to places just when God's ready to have somebody click the shutter." -Ansel Adams
"I could feel his muscle tissues collapse under my force. It's ludicrous these mortals even attempt to enter my realm." -Mike Tyson
"I went through baseball as 'a player to be named later.'" -Joe Garagiola
"Silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute." -Josh Billings
"You've got to jump off cliffs and build your wings on the way down." -Ray Bradbury
"I hope to stay unemployed as a war photographer till the end of my life." -Robert Capa
"Art has the power to transform, to illuminate, to educate, inspire and motivate." -Harvey Fierstein
"When I have a girlfriend, I feel caged in, I don't know why." -Scott Baio
"Nothing is as peevish and pedantic as men's judgments of one another." -Desiderius Erasmus
"Venice, Italy, is one of my favorite cities, a place I've been lucky enough to visit twice." -Rosecrans Baldwin
"I am grateful to journalism for waking me up to the realities of the world." -Eduardo Galeano
"Arrange whatever pieces come your way." -Virginia Woolf
"We cannot live, suffer or die for somebody else, for suffering is too precious to be shared." -Edward Dahlberg
"The sound of 'gentle stillness' after all the thunder and wind have passed will the ultimate Word from God." -Jim Elliot
"You can only be as good as you dare to be bad." -John Barrymore
"I don't like the crowds, I don't like to get out of the house if I don't have to." -James Garner
"It is with true love as it is with ghosts; everyone talks about it, but few have seen it." -Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help." -Epicurus
"Sometimes we pay too much attention in Washington to public relations, as opposed to the substance." -Spencer Abraham
"The only vice that cannot be forgiven is hypocrisy. The repentance of a hypocrite is itself hypocrisy." -William Hazlitt
"Going after 'the bad guy' has not been a real issue for me." -Jennifer Garner
"I just want to go in with the right attitude and from Day 1 make a difference." -Freddy Adu
"The actions of men are the best interpreters of their thoughts." -James Joyce
"I'm taking T.O., every day... He gives me the whole football field." -Michael Irvin
"I love to find a great vintage secondhand shop." -Bridget Hall
"It's the beauty of WWE. We use all our platforms to cross-promote each other and vice versa." -Triple H
"In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different." -Coco Chanel
"I have a very strong feeling that the opposite of love is not hate - it's apathy. It's not giving a damn." -Leo Buscaglia
"I've been imitated so well I've heard people copy my mistakes." -Jimi Hendrix
"Land bridges were everywhere during the extinction, many species were spreading, and there were many diseases." -Robert T. Bakker
"I'm buying records a lot, like, every week I'm just buying old reissues or old originals or new records that I have heard about." -Tim Gane
"We must reinforce argument with results." -Booker T. Washington
"Give to every human being every right that you claim for yourself." -Robert Green Ingersoll
"Our culture runs on coffee and gasoline, the first often tasting like the second." -Edward Abbey
"I have a company called Earl Campbell Foods. I got into the meat business in 1991." -Earl Campbell
"It seems like they never say anything bad about actors, they just pump them up." -Casey Affleck
"Sometimes there is more exploration in the character for a villain." -Chris Hemsworth
"I adore Britain! It's my favourite country; I love their eccentricity. I find Britain so inspiring." -Stefano Gabbana
"My mother was a leading lady in a local theatre in Birmingham, Alabama, where I grew up." -Mary Badham
"He's by best friend and the father of my children. He's a great ex." -Sarah Ferguson
"Art is not a handicraft, it is the transmission of feeling the artist has experienced." -Leo Tolstoy
"I'm very disturbed by violence against women when it is violence." -Helen Garner
"I believe that thrift is essential to well-ordered living." -John D. Rockefeller
"As I said, I haven't spent a lot of time thinking about partner brands." -Jim Cantalupo
"One man's transparency is another's humiliation." -Gerry Adams
"A leader who doesn't hesitate before he sends his nation into battle is not fit to be a leader." -Golda Meir
"I live more than anything else to produce the Games." -Dick Ebersol
"I've never understood what the upside of marriage would be for me personally." -Arsenio Hall
"I understand there are a lot of people looking up to me." -Rima Fakih
"Call it the Tiger Mom effect: In the business world today, failure is apparently not an option." -Naveen Jain
"You can fake your age or mask it, but the passion that moves the characters has to be real." -Victoria Abril
"Every creator painfully experiences the chasm between his inner vision and its ultimate expression." -Isaac Bashevis Singer
"I always tried to turn every disaster into an opportunity." -John D. Rockefeller
"It is selfish to concern oneself with tragedies." -Rose Kennedy
"Let your children go if you want to keep them." -Malcolm Forbes
"No man is a failure who is enjoying life." -William Feather
"Live in such a way that you would not be ashamed to sell your parrot to the town gossip." -Will Rogers
"We don't want to watch boring characters." -Megalyn Echikunwoke
"There is no great genius without a mixture of madness." -Aristotle
"In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is." -Manfred Eigen
"Access to presidential materials should be as wide as possible." -Robert Dallek
"We do not see nature with our eyes, but with our understandings and our hearts." -William Hazlitt
"There is a danger of changing too much in the search for perfection." -Agnetha Faltskog
"I think what we should have done is integrate the web site with the magazine much earlier in the process." -James Daly
"Kennedy is remembered as a success mainly because of what came after: Johnson and Vietnam. Nixon and Watergate." -Robert Dallek
"When you betray somebody else, you also betray yourself." -Isaac Bashevis Singer
"We are involved in a life that passes understanding and our highest business is our daily life." -John Cage
"Fame is very much a double-edged sword." -Kevin Bacon
"Honest criticism is hard to take, particularly from a relative, a friend, an acquaintance or a stranger." -Franklin P. Jones
"Our attitude is that we want to cross over. You can't go on making records just for your own hometown." -Cheryl James
"You can create the perfect triceps by just pushing yourself off your wall." -Jean-Claude Van Damme
"You took care of your horse, and your horse took care of you." -Elton Gallegly
"For us to grow globally, it's not enough to just be an exporter. We have to be a creator." -Bob Iger
"It is inappropriate for the Bush administration to trump up a case in which we are ballyhooed into war." -Mike Farrell
"Never let your ego get so close to your position that when your position goes, your ego goes with it." -Colin Powell
"I gained a great deal from the period during which I worked in theater and I value those things a great deal." -Asghar Farhadi
"Today I trust my instinct, I trust myself. Finally." -Isabelle Adjani
"Happy the man when he has not the defects of his qualities." -Isaac D'Israeli
"Mountains are earth's undecaying monuments." -Nathaniel Hawthorne
"I do not believe in inspiration, but I must have a title in order to work, otherwise I am lost." -Guillermo Cabrera Infante
"I didn't study; I live." -Eric Cantona
"The minute you start feeling like you've got it down, you know what you're doing, you're dead in the water." -Vincent D'Onofrio
"My whole life, I've been telling jokes." -Brad Garrett
"Nobody wants a unitary voice of authority any more." -Jill Abramson
"What'll we do with ourselves this afternoon? And the day after that, and the next thirty years?" -F. Scott Fitzgerald
"I train, for me, very smartly. I don't train heavy, I do a lot of isometrics." -Jean-Claude Van Damme
"The idea of wilderness needs no defense, it only needs defenders." -Edward Abbey
"I have found a very great number of exceedingly beautiful theorems." -Pierre de Fermat
"Baseball is the life." -Steve Garvey
"What love we've given, we'll have forever. What love we fail to give, will be lost for all eternity." -Leo Buscaglia
"Your library is your paradise." -Desiderius Erasmus
"I consider myself a bassist first." -Casey Abrams
"I work so hard for the fans who watch our show." -George Eads
"The point is, how do you know the Guarantee Fairy isn't a crazy glue sniffer." -Chris Farley
"I really hate bureaucracy and the idea that I'm not a free person." -Paloma Faith
"It is, after all, the responsibility of the expert to operate the familiar and that of the leader to transcend it." -Henry A. Kissinger
"Our approach to economic development must be modern, focused and in tune with the global trend." -Ibrahim Babangida
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." -Arthur Ashe
"Fiction is life with the dull bits left out." -Clive James
"Life is all memory, except for the one present moment that goes by you so quickly you hardly catch it going." -Tennessee Williams
"If there is magic on this planet, it is contained in water." -Loren Eiseley
"This world is but a canvas to our imagination." -Henry David Thoreau
"If your world doesn't allow you to dream, move to one where you can." -Billy Idol
"Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway." -Elbert Hubbard
"There are a few countries that, for whatever reason, really enjoy listening to my music." -Kenny G
"With the stones we cast at them, geniuses build new roads with them." -Paul Eldridge
"That's basically what I'm doing when I'm tapping them - getting my toes to the end of my shoes." -Nomar Garciaparra
"I don't belong to any country clubs. I don't have this big circle of friends. Where I make my friends is where I work." -G. W. Bailey
"At home, I'm lucky if I can write three or four hours before the phone starts ringing and the kids want to go to soccer." -Steve Earle
"There will be no support in the island of Ireland for building a nuclear power station." -Peter Hain
"The men who abandon themselves to the passions of this miserable life, are compared in Scripture to beasts." -Peter Abelard
"Gambling: The sure way of getting nothing for something." -Wilson Mizner
"The bird is powered by its own life and by its motivation." -A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
"I like what the future holds. I don't like thinking about the past." -John Cale
"Later, I discovered there was a lot of work to being good in tennis." -Arthur Ashe
"The threat of terrorism is not stronger than the will of the American people." -Chaka Fattah
"What is genius but the power of expressing a new individuality?" -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
"It's an exhilarating play, and you come off tired, but thrilled." -Bill Irwin
"I don't believe people are looking for the meaning of life as much as they are looking for the experience of being alive." -Joseph Campbell
"I'm a very positive thinker, and I think that is what helps me the most in difficult moments." -Roger Federer
"Rather be dead than cool." -Kurt Cobain
"Because of where I come from, I never thought I'd see in my life a black candidate running for President." -Samuel L. Jackson
"I didn't even want to start acting when I started. At least, I never thought about it." -Taissa Farmiga
"Farming looks mighty easy when your plow is a pencil and you're a thousand miles from the corn field." -Dwight D. Eisenhower
"If I miss anything about the sport, it's the camaraderie of old teammates." -Bo Jackson
"The camera is no more an instrument of preservation, the image is." -Berenice Abbott
"You can't separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom." -Malcolm X
"Let us put theology out of religion. Theology has always sent the worst to heaven, the best to hell." -Robert Green Ingersoll
"I'm a huge fan of Cabernet and Bordeaux, and am passionate about Pinot Noir and Burgundies." -Raymond E. Feist
"One must beware of ministers who can do nothing without money, and those who want to do everything with money." -Indira Gandhi
"Arriving at one goal is the starting point to another." -John Dewey
"Defeat doesn't finish a man, quit does. A man is not finished when he's defeated. He's finished when he quits." -Richard M. Nixon
"But contrary to what some people seem to think, I was never a bully. I was just a hard man." -Roger Daltrey
"No one ever talks about the good in me; they just say that I'm spoiled." -Petra Ecclestone
"I think a woman should be wholesome, voluptuous and sizzling!" -Vidya Balan
"Be modest, humble, simple. Control your anger." -Abraham Cahan
"So when you put the kick in and the other runners go past you, it's game over!" -Michael East
"Clint Eastwood has always been a hero." -Kevin Bacon
"External nature is only internal nature writ large." -Swami Vivekananda
"Books are as useful to a stupid person as a mirror is useful to a blind person." -Chanakya
"Take the attitude of a student, never be too big to ask questions, never know too much to learn something new." -Og Mandino
"A reputation once broken may possibly be repaired, but the world will always keep their eyes on the spot where the crack was." -Joseph Hall
"The Scottish Highlands are incredible. There seems to be magic and poetry everywhere." -Caitriona Balfe
"I would hate the thought of dying full stop; I've got to be honest with you." -Craig Fairbrass
"It's innocence when it charms us, ignorance when it doesn't." -Mignon McLaughlin
"Mostly I'm proud to be an African-American woman, but I'm glad I have a universal look as well." -Chanel Iman
"When you commit to something, you don't want to let your fellow people and yourself down." -Andy Garcia
"I think 'ambitious' is one of those adjectives used for women in a derogatory way." -Clare Balding
"It's hardly a radical idea to suggest that regulators and legislators understand the law now, is it?" -Nigel Farage
"Nobody in real life ever takes me seriously." -Jane Haddam
"Those are the two best words in English, 'Bidding' and 'war'." -Evan Daugherty
"I was never a prodigy." -Lindsay Davenport
"I always work on my abs, every single day. As Miss Universe, exercising your abdominal muscles is mandatory!" -Gabriela Isler
"I like to be free." -Amanda Eliasch
"I have learned in fashion to be a little savage." -John Fairchild
"My comedy does not come from a place of deep cynicism, and I tend to play characters who are naive in some way." -Anna Faris
"Congress doesn't hate Congress." -Jack Abramoff
"A man can fail many times, but he isn't a failure until he begins to blame somebody else." -John Burroughs
"The way to gain a good reputation is to endeavor to be what you desire to appear." -Socrates
"A nation's culture resides in the hearts and in the soul of its people." -Mahatma Gandhi
"It's very rare that publications double their frequency." -James Daly
"Man lives in a world of surmise, of mystery, of uncertainties." -John Dewey
"There are people, who the more you do for them, the less they will do for themselves." -Jane Austen
"I tell it like it is, but I don't voice my opinion unless it's asked for." -Tito Jackson
"I find industrial cities exciting. I like their toughness." -Zaha Hadid
"The best part of beauty is that which no picture can express." -Francis Bacon
"Never again! I can see no reason for marriage - ever at all. I've had it. Three times is enough." -Ingrid Bergman
"What we need now is a Treaty of the World not a Treaty of Rome." -Bernie Ecclestone
"So much of life is what you roll and where you land." -Mark Hamill
"I certainly have played women who have a pioneer spirit and longing for adventure." -Kate Baldwin
"When Bill Clinton was in town, he sent over a balanced budget." -Chaka Fattah
"Cinema is a medium that can translate ideas." -David Lynch
"No one has a greater asset for his business than a man's pride in his work." -Hosea Ballou
"Humans live through their myths and only endure their realities." -Robert Anton Wilson
"Just because people play songs with great technique doesn't mean the records are better." -Kenny G
"Discipline is remembering what you want." -David Campbell
"My career spanned the era when relievers started to become more important." -Dennis Eckersley
"But doing what I do, you will never get unanimity of people." -Dan Abrams
"I've come to realise I work so much better when I'm going by instinct." -Amanda Hale
"If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need." -Marcus Tullius Cicero
"I have an older sister who sounds, unfortunately, exactly like me, and we sound like our mother did." -Jill Abramson
"Let life happen to you. Believe me: life is in the right, always." -Rainer Maria Rilke
"The reactions of the human heart are not mechanical and predictable but infinitely subtle and delicate." -Daisaku Ikeda
"Acting by yourself is pretty darn hard, especially having to do physical comedy." -Gillian Jacobs
"A penny saved is a penny earned." -Benjamin Franklin
"I like finishing a movie and having this living, breathing thing." -Dean Cain
"It's not that I'm stupid. I just don't think sometimes." -Colin Farrell
"Diamonds - that'll shut her up... for a minute!" -Ron White
"Poetry and beauty are always making peace. When you read something beautiful you find coexistence; it breaks walls down." -Mahmoud Darwish
"When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you." -Lao Tzu
"Persevere and preserve yourselves for better circumstances." -Virgil
"I don't think people buy technology products because of the personalities of the people behind them." -Jim Balsillie
"It's not good for comedy to be like, 'Thanks for liking me.' Being popular is poison." -Zach Galifianakis
"I'm aware that people I have loved and have died and are in the spirit world looking after me." -Princess Diana
"We must free ourselves of the hope that the sea will ever rest. We must learn to sail in high winds." -Aristotle Onassis
"You are what you wear. I wear something different everyday." -Corey Haim
"True scholarship consists in knowing not what things exist, but what they mean; it is not memory but judgment." -James Russell Lowell
"Simplicity is natures first step, and the last of art." -Philip James Bailey
"We love life, not because we are used to living but because we are used to loving." -Friedrich Nietzsche
"Like most playwrights, I hate talkbacks with a passion that can burn a hole through hell." -Katori Hall
"New York is flat - it's ideal for bicycling." -Bjarke Ingels
"No problem is so formidable that you can't walk away from it." -Charles M. Schulz
"George W. Bush will have to come to the UN and admit that he was wrong." -Bianca Jagger
"I have never believed you make your case stronger by bad-mouthing your opposition." -Glenda Jackson
"Once you've lost your privacy, you realize you've lost an extremely valuable thing." -Billy Graham
"I was rejected by casting directors during the day. I attended class in the evening, then rode 90 miles on the train home." -Norman Fell
"My mother is a singer, still performs today; she's a jazz singer." -Jan Hammer
"What's the difference between sex and love? I have four wives and five kids. I apparently don't know the difference." -James Caan
"Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body." -Joseph Addison
"It's the niceties that make the difference fate gives us the hand, and we play the cards." -Arthur Schopenhauer
"As a publisher, you have no direct relationship with advertisers." -Jason Calacanis
"All tyranny needs to gain a foothold is for people of good conscience to remain silent." -Edmund Burke
"As actors, sometimes we want our character to go somewhere different than it goes, but that's being an actor." -Holland Roden
"Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see." -Mark Twain
"I was a happy person before marriage. I'm definitely happier after marriage." -Vidya Balan
"I honestly believe that advertising is the most fun you can have with your clothes on." -Jerry Della Femina
"You never know what show is going to change your life." -Brion James
"I never trusted anybody at all. I don't know why it was so hard, I just didn't." -Marianne Faithfull
"Is being an idiot like being high all the time?" -Janeane Garofalo
"Change is inevitable. Change is constant." -Benjamin Disraeli
"Wealth, in even the most improbable cases, manages to convey the aspect of intelligence." -John Kenneth Galbraith
"I always had the attitude that I wanted to throw a no-hitter every game." -Dennis Eckersley
"I was always trying on clothes, always really into fashion, ever since probably kindergarten." -Jacquelyn Jablonski
"Everything I learned about the Great Depression was from a college textbook." -Ralph Abernathy
"I don't research anything." -Derek Bailey
"I love ensemble work. I love making pieces and building things together." -Uzo Aduba
"I am the same on camera as I am off. I can't imagine being any other way." -Olivia Munn
"I love the game of baseball." -Dusty Baker
"I have been extremely lucky; I am a person who is currently living with a cancer that is under control." -Geraldine Ferraro
"I think I'm a natural-born leader. I know how to bow down to authority if it's authority that I respect." -Tupac Shakur
"As a big user of public libraries, I deplore the cutbacks they have had to sustain." -Jill Abramson
"When I go out with my 16-year-old friends, I don't wear Chanel." -Bridget Hall
"I never learn anything talking. I only learn things when I ask questions." -Lou Holtz
"Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul." -Democritus
"I want to write a best-selling book." -Diane Abbott
"I'm known clean around the Earth." -Minnesota Fats
"To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science." -Isaac Newton
"Do unto yourself as your neighbors do unto themselves and look pleasant." -George Ade
"When I'm living in L.A., I'm mainly a jeans, vintage T-shirt and Nike high-tops guy." -Jamie Bamber
"My father was educated in Cork, in the University of Cork, in the '50s." -Chris Abani
"When I first ran for Congress in 1998, people counted me out." -Tammy Baldwin
"Painting is a language which cannot be replaced by another language. I don't know what to say about what I paint, really." -Balthus
"The words of the world want to make sentences." -Gaston Bachelard
"It was I who made Fellini famous, not the other way around." -Anita Ekberg
"It's a powerful thing to know that you are empowering someone to lift themselves out of poverty." -Jessica Jackley
"Joseph and his mother come from the black kings who were before the white man." -Peter Abrahams
"Don't try to make children grow up to be like you, or they may do it." -Russell Baker
"The premise of this foundation is one life on this planet is no more valuable than the next." -Melinda Gates
"Sheer flattery got me into the theater. Flattery always works with me, particularly the flattery of women." -Carroll O'Connor
"One stops being a child when one realizes that telling one's trouble does not make it any better." -Cesare Pavese
"This is a ruthless world and one must be ruthless to cope with it." -Charlie Chaplin
"Bronze in the mirror of the form, wine of the mind." -Aeschylus
"If my life was a song it would be 'Who Let The Dogs Out'." -Casey Abrams
"If you marry a man who cheats on his wife, you'll be married to a man who cheats on his wife." -Ann Landers
"Give light and people will find the way." -Ella Baker
"It's not easy to sit down and open yourself up and say, 'This is how much I love you,' you know? It's scary to do that." -Jason Isbell
"We relish news of our heroes, forgetting that we are extraordinary to somebody too." -Helen Hayes
"I seem to be able to get along with anybody when I work because I really enjoy being there." -Bobby Cannavale
"The world is full of nations that are part of the community of nations that don't respect rights." -Noah Feldman
"I am ready and prepared to work with the President, but I will not be a rubber stamp for any president." -Daniel Inouye
"Europe became rich because it exploited Africa; and the Africans know that." -Desmond Tutu
"If there was an observer on Mars, they would probably be amazed that we have survived this long." -Noam Chomsky
"I'm gonna live till I die." -Frank Sinatra
"It is better to create than to learn! Creating is the essence of life." -Julius Caesar
"I talked about my family, my family's so important." -Jim Valvano
"I went to an all-boys school and hated feeling like one of the crowd." -Jeremy Irvine
"Reverie is not a mind vacuum. It is rather the gift of an hour which knows the plenitude of the soul." -Gaston Bachelard
"I believe to have been one of the rare drivers to have returned to Ferrari." -Jacky Ickx
"Once in a while, when I was younger, I'd lie, then tell the truth, and I'd feel better." -Tyler Hamilton
"If anything, I want to bring television back up to where it will entertain and engage a gamer." -Michael Ironside
"Change is the end result of all true learning." -Leo Buscaglia
"The high road is always respected. Honesty and integrity are always rewarded." -Scott Hamilton
"I don't understand my own sporadic collapses into passivity. Perhaps I never will." -Helen Garner
"It is only through labor and painful effort, by grim energy and resolute courage, that we move on to better things." -Theodore Roosevelt
"Most single guys I know think fatherhood is terrifying." -Jim Gaffigan
"To be a mother you must be strong. Even if you don't feel it, you have to pretend." -Sade Adu
"Chicago is a lot of my background as a chef." -Jose Garces
"Stories hold conflict and contrast, highs and lows, life and death, and the human struggle and all kinds of things." -David Lynch
"I just want to be known as funny." -Jim Gaffigan
"Will cannot be quenched against its will." -Dante Alighieri
"The real business of life is trying to understand each other." -Gilbert Parker
"Every parting is a form of death, as every reunion is a type of heaven." -Tryon Edwards
"I'm definitely a pop artist at heart." -Sheena Easton
"Francis Bacon is one of my giant inspirations. I just love him to pieces." -David Lynch
"The office of the public teacher is an unenviable and thankless one." -Felix Adler
"The fact that I stay anonymous means I can exhibit wherever I want. No one knows my name, so it's easy for me to travel." -JR
"As always, there's a couple of things in the pipeline - but that pipeline is a strange and ambiguous place." -Hugh Dancy
"Sadly the job security of lawyers has been ruined, so they are less willing to defend political defendants." -Shirin Ebadi
"My ideas usually come not at my desk writing but in the midst of living." -Anais Nin
"Putting the budget ahead of the policy is the wrong way to do it. It's too often the way it's done in Washington." -Spencer Abraham
"There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way." -Christopher Morley
"The 24% unemployment reached at the depths of the Great Depression was no picnic." -Barry Eichengreen
"I could work out a lot of my emotions by going to class and dancing." -Suzanne Farrell
"Anxiety does not empty tomorrow of its sorrows, but only empties today of its strength." -Charles Spurgeon
"In this time of the Internet and nonfiction, to be on an actual bookshelf in an actual bookstore is exciting in itself." -Chris Abani
"I get scared when I think I'm going to miss my flight. I get obsessed when I actually miss a flight." -Boman Irani
"I started a recording studio. I started producing people and doing remixes." -James Iha
"Adversity reveals genius, prosperity conceals it." -Horace
"Id rather have a fake smile than a nasty stare." -Tamara Ecclestone
"I've always believed that photography is a way to shape human perception." -James Balog
"The Japanese do not fear God. They only fear bombs." -Jerome Cady
"I'm like a fungus; you can't get rid of me." -Adam Baldwin
"The more sand has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it." -Niccolo Machiavelli
"How I Love Lucy was born? We decided that instead of divorce lawyers profiting from our mistakes, we'd profit from them." -Lucille Ball
"I'm a curvy girl, and I'm a real girl." -Joanna Garcia
"Show me a poorly uniformed troop and I'll show you a poorly uniformed leader." -Robert Baden-Powell
"A story in Asimov's is read by hundreds of thousands of people." -Greg Egan
"I love acting. I take it day by day. I would really love to produce my own stuff and other stuff." -Dominik Garcia-Lorido
"A man admires a woman not for what she says, but what she listens to." -George Jean Nathan
"I wrote a graphic novel called 'Soul Stealer' with big, beautiful, epic artwork by Chris Shy. It grew into a trilogy." -Michael Easton
"Liberty may be endangered by the abuse of liberty, but also by the abuse of power." -James Madison
"I've always wanted to call the shots because I would rather fail than not have a chance to figure it out on my own." -Jon Favreau
"It's kind of like Silence of the lambs meets Boogey Nights." -Brittany Daniel
"Norma Bates is insanely crazy, but you can't help but love her." -Taissa Farmiga
"It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up." -Muhammad Ali
"I am 90. I can work day or night. I'm the same guy, but the polls show the effect of age. That's the issue." -Ralph Hall
"Competition is great. And as long as it's friendly and not a malicious thing, then I think it's cool." -Janet Jackson
"There is greatness in the fear of God, contentment in faith of God, and honour in humility." -Abu Bakr
"It is quality rather than quantity that matters." -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"After people have repeated a phrase a great number of times, they begin to realize it has meaning and may even be true." -H. G. Wells
"Every single film I've done, it's about the character." -Idris Elba
"I felt a tremendous sadness for men who can't deal with a woman of their own age." -Michael Caine
"Start with what is right rather than what is acceptable." -Franz Kafka
"This president failed so miserably in diplomacy that we are now forced to war." -Tom Daschle
"I always tried to hide the fact that I was an athlete. I just wanted to be normal." -Lindsay Davenport
"A week is a long time in politics." -Ted Baillieu
"Those who lack the courage will always find a philosophy to justify it." -Albert Camus
"To me, it seems a dreadful indignity to have a soul controlled by geography." -George Santayana
"Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens." -Jimi Hendrix
"You need a little bit of insanity to do great things." -Henry Rollins
"I use only essential oils for perfumes." -Jessica Capshaw
"I did have a lucky thing going on there in my throat." -Art Garfunkel
"I wouldn't want to see any animal in pain, no matter what." -Jeremy Irvine
"I'm glad now, at age 66, that I never used alcohol or tobacco... I've buried a lot of friends who used tobacco or alcohol." -Jerry Falwell
"We are all mortal until the first kiss and the second glass of wine." -Eduardo Galeano
"It's all a matter of how agents want to handle their clients." -Lorrie Fair
"Nothing is funnier than unhappiness, I grant you that. Yes, yes, it's the most comical thing in the world." -Samuel Beckett
"I just told you I wasn't a Satanist." -Glenn Danzig
"Your friend is your needs answered." -Khalil Gibran
"They were looking for a stable, but we didn't have one. In fact, we weren't very stable ourselves." -Lawrence Ferlinghetti
"I believe in large families: every woman should have at least three husbands." -Zsa Zsa Gabor
"In life, people sometimes make rotten deals." -Jeanne Calment
"I admire David Lynch so much, and I think he made some bad decisions with Lost Highway." -Greg Egan
"I've got to keep breathing. It'll be my worst business mistake if I don't." -Steve Martin
"If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month." -Theodore Roosevelt
"Society is like a stew. If you don't stir it up every once in a while then a layer of scum floats to the top." -Edward Abbey
"People understand me so poorly that they don't even understand my complaint about them not understanding me." -Soren Kierkegaard
"The best part about a first kiss is right before the first kiss." -Brett Davern
"The more we come out and do good to others, the more our hearts will be purified, and God will be in them." -Swami Vivekananda
"It's possible to become so comfortable with one's style and structure that one ceases to grow." -Lynn Abbey
"I've actually been asked once or twice if I had some Puerto Rican in me." -Grey Damon
"No doubt exists that all women are crazy; it's only a question of degree." -W. C. Fields
"People don't notice whether it's winter or summer when they're happy." -Anton Chekhov
"When you stretch the truth, watch out for the snapback." -Bill Copeland
"God gives us life and takes us away as He sees fit." -Johnny Cash
"All of us are guinea pigs in the laboratory of God. Humanity is just a work in progress." -Tennessee Williams
"It took me a long time to be alright with smiling onstage." -Alex Ebert
"Give a little love to a child, and you get a great deal back." -John Ruskin
"Faith is a higher faculty than reason." -H. C. Bailey
"Begin at the beginning and go on till you come to the end; then stop." -Lewis Carroll
"True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country." -Kurt Vonnegut
"The great thing about rock-n-roll is you realize the top of the mountain is big enough for more than one band." -Paul Stanley
"If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem." -Richard Bach
"We gave up on the idea of trying to make the record a good representation of the live performance." -John Cale
"One death is a tragedy; one million is a statistic." -Joseph Stalin
"I was hugely disappointed that 'Whites' was cancelled." -Alan Davies
"It takes courage to stay young, to make your enthusiasms work for you. Don't let anyone drag you down." -Ken Adam
"Riches do not exhilarate us so much with their possession as they torment us with their loss." -Epicurus
"I'm not going to coach again. I've done my coaching, and I think I can put that aside." -Phil Jackson
"When anger rises, think of the consequences." -Confucius
"No one will ever win the battle of the sexes; there's too much fraternizing with the enemy." -Henry A. Kissinger
"Sometimes I think I've been too honest, and other times, too explicit." -Amanda Eliasch
"My own style is one of not much effort." -Freema Agyeman
"God knows how many things a man misses by becoming smug and assuming that matters will take their own course." -Loren Eiseley
"It's all right letting yourself go, as long as you can get yourself back." -Mick Jagger
"So I think you have to marry for the right reasons, and marry the right person." -Anne Bancroft
"A lot of people don't know that I'm a singer - that's my thing, really." -Scott Bakula
"I work with really hard-working people who are really good at what they do." -J. J. Abrams
"Where id was, there ego shall be." -Sigmund Freud
"Ignorance is the curse of God; knowledge is the wing wherewith we fly to heaven." -William Shakespeare
"I used to be Snow White, but I drifted." -Mae West
"One of the deepest functions of a living organisms is to look ahead... to produce future." -Francois Jacob
"I keep reading between the lies." -Goodman Ace
"Thought is a strenuous art - few practice it, and then only at rare times." -David Ben-Gurion
"I really believe you can predict when someone has a great attitude, a real well of talent." -Taylor Hackford
"Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth." -Alan Watts
"Expect trouble as an inevitable part of life and repeat to yourself, the most comforting words of all; this, too, shall pass." -Ann Landers
"If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you." -A. A. Milne
"I guess I'm about ready to promote myself in a more human way. I don't feel quite so insecure." -Evan Dando
"Not until we are lost do we begin to understand ourselves." -Henry David Thoreau
"At all times it is better to have a method." -Mark Caine
"In fact history does not belong to us; but we belong to it." -Hans-Georg Gadamer
"I know many filmmakers, and shooting in IMAX is challenging. Filmmakers love the vividness and power of those big images." -Nina Jacobson
"That man is a success who has lived well, laughed often and loved much." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"I don't say things to be offensive; I say things because they're funny to me. It amuses me." -Marilyn Manson
"When I was born I was so ugly the doctor slapped my mother." -Rodney Dangerfield
"The Black skin is not a badge of shame, but rather a glorious symbol of national greatness." -Marcus Garvey
"I want my words to survive translation." -Kazuo Ishiguro
"Do not plan for ventures before finishing what's at hand." -Euripides
"Growing up I always loved films that transport you to another world and has things you never see in every day life." -Chris Hemsworth
"I had this thing about hanging out in dark theaters. My family thought I grew out of a rock." -Anthony Edwards
"I use the Clairsonic Cleansing system to wash my face three times a week." -Edy Ganem
"Everywhere you look these days you see Carolina athletes." -Lorrie Fair
"I am often lost in my own world, with a frown on my face." -Hayley Atwell
"I am too old to die young, and too young to grow up." -Marty Feldman
"I do want to be a manager one day. It might be 10 years, I don't know when." -Paul Gascoigne
"My priorities are my family and my job. I have little time for much else." -Doug Davidson
"Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay." -Simone de Beauvoir
"I worked with Cecil B DeMille quite a few times." -Richard Farnsworth
"A film is never really good unless the camera is an eye in the head of a poet." -Orson Welles
"Censorship is to art as lynching is to justice." -Henry Louis Gates
"Class envy is dangerous." -Jack Abramoff
"You can kill a revolutionary but you can never kill the revolution." -Fred Hampton
"I told everybody that I was going to be an actress in Hollywood one day. People looked at me like I was crazy." -Paula Garces
"Small minds are concerned with the extraordinary, great minds with the ordinary." -Blaise Pascal
"There are still many causes worth sacrificing for, so much history yet to be made." -Michelle Obama
"The subconscious is ceaselessly murmuring, and it is by listening to these murmurs that one hears the truth." -Gaston Bachelard
"Unfortunately, I suffer from insomnia, so my bedtime is as soon as I start to feel the least bit sleepy." -Cheyenne Jackson
"When I first read the script a few years ago I thought it was one of the best written scripts I had ever read." -Victor Garber
"I always feel like I'm so busy." -Janina Gavankar
"Nothing is more alluring to a man than a woman who looks good in her jeans." -Nina Garcia
"Every man is surrounded by a neighborhood of voluntary spies." -Jane Austen
"Taking the future in your own hands has a fantastic psychological impact." -Aleqa Hammond
"I celebrate myself, and sing myself." -Walt Whitman
"We had gay burglars the other night. They broke in and rearranged the furniture." -Robin Williams
"Errors are not in the art but in the artificers." -Isaac Newton
"I fix things all the time. Every time I do a solo, I re-check it and correct things that don't hit the mark." -Kirk Hammett
"Airplanes may kill you, but they ain't likely to hurt you." -Satchel Paige
"I don't read the critics." -Olivier Dahan
"We really believe that Walt Disney is a very able company with great depth and a great set of franchises." -Bob Iger
"I was given no special information by the White House, or by anybody else, for that matter." -Jeff Gannon
"When you are desperate to get someone who isn't all that interested in you, you lay siege as hard as you can." -Julian Fellowes
"Keep your eyes open to your mercies. The man who forgets to be thankful has fallen asleep in life." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"I play out negative fantasies for people. I'm the guy people love to hate. And they always remember the bad guy." -Brion James
"I don't know how people do this waxing thing. Now I just have all these bumpy ingrown hairs." -Gaby Hoffmann
"Spend enough time around success and failure, and you learn a reverence for possibility." -Dale Dauten
"You don't run for public office unless you have a specific vision. You are driven by ideas and a vision." -Julie Nixon Eisenhower
"Anger is the enemy of non-violence and pride is a monster that swallows it up." -Mahatma Gandhi
"A house is not a home unless it contains food and fire for the mind as well as the body." -Benjamin Franklin
"I can make a song up about anything: garbage, the weather, things in the news." -Marvin Hamlisch
"How easy it is to judge rightly after one sees what evil comes from judging wrongly!" -Elizabeth Gaskell
"I believe it is called 'Area 51' because of a project, the very first project that went on out there, in 1951." -Annie Jacobsen
"I always thought of indie-rock as being rock music by bands that were on independent labels, and that's a great thing." -Britt Daniel
"I used to skip school and paint my face with Ace Frehley Kiss make-up." -Dimebag Darrell
"Never for the sake of peace and quiet deny your convictions." -Dag Hammarskjold
"I won't be happy until we have every boy in America between the ages of six and sixteen wearing a glove and swinging a bat." -Babe Ruth
"To tell you the truth, it's a complex piece, so I can't really answer your question at present." -Paul Darrow
"Europe, which gave us the idea of same-sex marriage, is a dying society, with birthrates 50 percent below replacement." -Maggie Gallagher
"It takes enormous strength to be a real woman." -John Eldredge
"Success is simple. Do what's right, the right way, at the right time." -Arnold H. Glasow
"We are actually living in a million parallel realities every single minute." -Marina Abramovic
"In the K.H.L., you're even more patient at your position because the rink is so big, you cannot play that way." -Jaromir Jagr
"Will is to grace as the horse is to the rider." -Saint Augustine
"I like to talk on TV about those things that aren't worth writing about." -Truman Capote
"I have a theory that evolutionary biologists are more vain than particle physicists." -Robin Ince
"There isn't a class structure in Nigeria; there's a tribal structure and prestige as far as money is concerned." -Sade Adu
"If a man's wit be wandering, let him study the mathematics." -Francis Bacon
"Like most creative people I don't fit well into boxes." -Laurell K. Hamilton
"A child is a beam of sunlight from the Infinite and Eternal, with possibilities of virtue and vice- but as yet unstained." -Lyman Abbott
"Conventional show-biz savvy held that Americans hated to be the objects of satire." -Carroll O'Connor
"Life isn't a matter of milestones, but of moments." -Rose Kennedy
"I mean, I couldn't ask for a better life, man." -Freddy Adu
"Shoot for the moon and if you miss you will still be among the stars." -Les Brown
"The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of 60 minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is." -C. S. Lewis
"It took me a few years to realize I might want to get into acting as a profession." -Bill Fagerbakke
"I trained as an actor in London and went to Mountview Conservatory, as it was called then, and lived there for eleven years." -Josh Dallas
"It is a waste of money to help those who show no desire to help themselves." -Taylor Caldwell
"I enjoyed listening to it, but I didn't think I could do it." -Wanda Jackson
"Plain women know more about men than beautiful women do." -Katharine Hepburn
"The universe is a great mystery." -Jostein Gaarder
"We lavish on animals the love we are afraid to show to people. They might not return it; or worse, they might." -Mignon McLaughlin
"Time is neutral and does not change things. With courage and initiative, leaders change things." -Jesse Jackson
"Eighty percent of success is showing up." -Woody Allen
"It was a great learning experience to work with James Stewart." -Julie Adams
"Bachelors have consciences, married men have wives." -Samuel Johnson
"Avarice is the vice of declining years." -George Bancroft
"The Bureau doesn't have any secret files." -W. Mark Felt
"I don't know anywhere where the people are hungrier for education than South Sudan." -Emmanuel Jal
"You know what's nice about Montreal? Not only is it a beautiful city, but you have Cuban cigars." -Jamie Farr
"Don't kid yourself; the guy who's onstage in ripped-up jeans is wearing as much a costume as I am." -Paul Stanley
"I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done." -Lucille Ball
"The first wealth is health." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Hopefully everybody will just let me get on with my life. I'm going to." -Paul Gascoigne
"I'm privileged and grateful to lead The Walt Disney Company and our talented, dedicated team at this exciting time." -Bob Iger
"Time wounds all heels." -Jane Sherwood Ace
"I can't hide things from my Maker, so it is better to be honest." -Farooq Abdullah
"How some of the writers I come across get through their books without dying of boredom is beyond me." -William Gaddis
"Beauty is the promise of happiness." -Edmund Burke
"Since music has never had a Rembrandt, we have remained nothing more than musicians." -Morton Feldman
"It's a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it." -W. Somerset Maugham
"It is in the country's best interest that Tony Blair rather than Michael Howard should form the next government." -Robert Jackson
"I don't do all that well in the writerly world. I'm happier being outside the flow." -Nicholson Baker
"Every problem has in it the seeds of its own solution. If you don't have any problems, you don't get any seeds." -Norman Vincent Peale
"I would say probably Pirates of Silicon Valley just because I'm proud of the work, playing Gates." -Anthony Michael Hall
"When it comes to pinning blame, pin the tail on the donkeys." -Mitt Romney
"The moon is a friend for the lonesome to talk to." -Carl Sandburg
"In between goals is a thing called life, that has to be lived and enjoyed." -Sid Caesar
"Striving to tell his woes, words would not come; For light cares speak, when mighty griefs are dumb." -Samuel Daniel
"He has achieved success who has worked well, laughed often, and loved much." -Elbert Hubbard
"Every time I see an adult on a bicycle, I no longer despair for the future of the human race." -H. G. Wells
"If you do right, everything will come out right." -Wolfman Jack
"I don't know why people are so surprised by my live performances." -John Davidson
"I watch people from the top of buses who don't know they're being watched. It's quite fascinating." -Celia Imrie
"Everyone knows that if you've got a brother, you're going to fight." -Liam Gallagher
"Do not put such unlimited power into the hands of husbands. Remember all men would be tyrants if they could." -Abigail Adams
"Pride, envy, avarice - these are the sparks have set on fire the hearts of all men." -Dante Alighieri
"There are so many misconceptions about me, and it gets frustrating no matter how thick skinned." -Tamara Ecclestone
"The advancement and diffusion of knowledge is the only guardian of true liberty." -James Madison
"For me, writing a short story is much, much harder than writing a novel." -Lynn Abbey
"A conservative is a fellow who thinks a rich man should have a square deal." -Frank Dane
"Every compulsion is put upon writers to become safe, polite, obedient, and sterile." -Sinclair Lewis
"I listen to the audience and try and bounce with them. All audiences are different. But they are all homo sapiens." -Eric Idle
"In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you." -Leo Tolstoy
"I said to the almond tree, 'Friend, speak to me of God,' and the almond tree blossomed." -Nikos Kazantzakis
"I entered the modeling industry as a business person already. I always knew I belonged on the other side of the camera." -Kathy Ireland
"People are going to bash you while you're alive, and they're going to bash you when you're gone." -Anthony Hamilton
"I formed a band when I was about 13, and we all listened to punk - or what we thought was punk!" -Tim Gane
"Our theology is still in a time of crisis, and I think this will last for some years more." -Godfried Danneels
"The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt." -Bertrand Russell
"In character, in manner, in style, in all things, the supreme excellence is simplicity." -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"Change your opinions, keep to your principles; change your leaves, keep intact your roots." -Victor Hugo
"There has been one defining production for me in each decade." -Stephen Daldry
"There's a lot to do when you're a kid - spiders to catch, girls to poke in the eye - stuff to be getting on with." -Alan Davies
"The lure of the distant and the difficult is deceptive. The great opportunity is where you are." -John Burroughs
"It is necessary to keep one's compass in one's eyes and not in the hand, for the hands execute, but the eye judges." -Michelangelo
"Good leadership consists of showing average people how to do the work of superior people." -John D. Rockefeller
"Glorious as it had been, the city-state was obsolete." -Robert A. Dahl
"Man, as we know him, is a poor creature; he is halfway between an ape and a god and he is travelling in the right direction." -Dean Inge
"A good marriage would be between a blind wife and a deaf husband." -Michel de Montaigne
"I don't drink blood, and last time I looked in the mirror, I had a reflection." -Nicolas Cage
"We are proud to have with us the poet lariat of Chicago." -Richard J. Daley
"Childhood is a short season." -Helen Hayes
"How to drive a guy crazy: send him a telegram and on the top put 'page 2.'" -Henny Youngman
"I cannot believe how much I love my kid. It's a beautiful thing." -Scott Baio
"For parlor use, the vague generality is a life saver." -George Ade
"Look, you have to make mistakes. That's how you learn and that's how the world works." -Naomi Campbell
"Look, you're either loved or hated. Which is a good thing, as Bette Davis used to say." -Mario Cantone
"There is no more lovely, friendly and charming relationship, communion or company than a good marriage." -Martin Luther
"God loves each of us as if there were only one of us." -Saint Augustine
"When someone beats a rug, the blows are not against the rug, but against the dust in it." -Rumi
"While some misuse their freedom to perpetrate evil, millions respond by feeling compelled to use their freedom to do good." -Adam Hamilton
"The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it." -Richard Bach
"I used to sing at funeral homes for families that didn't have a vocalist. I didn't get paid. I needed to sing." -Anita Baker
"As much as we can, we want to prevent people from having to think about how to keep and share their stuff." -Arash Ferdowsi
"As you know, I was a solo singer, something I just got very much used to. Turns out I'm quite enjoying being in a band!" -Gareth Gates
"I would have had the same narrative, regardless of the atmosphere and the restrictions." -Asghar Farhadi
"Failure, it is thought, is what sells, and what people want to hear and read about. I am not so sure." -Alastair Campbell
"I have but one lamp by which my feet are guided, and that is the lamp of experience." -Patrick Henry
"Never give up on anybody." -Hubert H. Humphrey
"I was the kid that grew up watching Bette Davis films." -Rebecca Hall
"Hungry people cannot be good at learning or producing anything, except perhaps violence." -Pearl Bailey
"If you put off everything till you're sure of it, you'll never get anything done." -Norman Vincent Peale
"The greatest virtue of man is perhaps curiosity." -Anatole France
"What do you want a meaning for? Life is a desire, not a meaning." -Charlie Chaplin
"I could not lose unless I was caught in bed with a dead girl or a live boy." -Edwin Edwards
"Only a struggle twists sentimentality and lust together into love." -E. M. Forster
"If no one's doing the creative work that you want to do, do it yourself." -Kate Baldwin
"A consensus means that everyone agrees to say collectively what no one believes individually." -Abba Eban
"I think you can be smart and directed and focused, without being obnoxious, and get plenty done." -Bill de Blasio
"Christ preferred the poor; ever since I have been converted so have I." -John Nelson Darby
"Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours." -Les Brown
"That's why I like fast film. It gives you more freedom to light more naturally." -Conrad Hall
"A scientific man ought to have no wishes, no affections, - a mere heart of stone." -Charles Darwin
"I suppose I am one of those lucky people who eats what they like and doesn't gain too much weight." -Tamsin Egerton
"You cannot push any one up a ladder unless he be willing to climb a little himself." -Andrew Carnegie
"If I could have anyone on speed dial it would be George Clooney. He seems like a cool guy who would give good advice." -Adam Garcia
"One of the things I think you need to be a good emcee is silliness. And I'm basically a silly guy." -Doug Davidson
"In an action film you act in the action. If it's a dramatic film you act in the drama." -Jean-Claude Van Damme
"Forgiving is love's toughest work, and love's biggest risk." -Lewis B. Smedes
"I'm very flower-like. I love classical music. I go to ballet and I cry. There's nothing so beautiful." -Michael Gambon
"For each book, I do end up making a kind of playlist to fit the characters." -Meg Cabot
"Yeah, I'm sure there are stereotypes of Asian people." -James Iha
"He was a bold man that first ate an oyster." -Jonathan Swift
"I feel about romance the same way I do about a vocation; it's a calling." -Alden Ehrenreich
"I'm not trying to be coy or manipulative or Machiavellian, I want to spark people's imaginations." -J. J. Abrams
"A little learning is a dangerous thing; Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian spring." -Alexander Pope
"So many of my dreams were to actually be able to make a living of what I did as a hobby." -Rick Baker
"May you live to be 100 and may the last voice you hear be mine." -Frank Sinatra
"Nobody gets irony anymore, as we are now living in the post-ironic age. Once George Bush gets a library, our irony is dead." -Eric Idle
"Associate with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for it is better to be alone than in bad company." -George Washington
"My dad was my Little League coach and my Cub Master." -Billy Baldwin
"I don't claim to be a musician, I didn't go to Julliard." -Dick Dale
"I'm wholehearted about whatever I do." -Melinda Gates
"I love 'Evil Dead 2!' Who doesn't love 'Evil Dead 2?'" -Joe Dante
"Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile." -Albert Einstein
"I blow up fireworks all the time, and I love making milkshakes and banana splits." -Chris Isaak
"As long as I can contribute, I'll continue working." -Yusuf Hamied
"I didn't have any doubts about my choice of career, but I had constant doubts about my ability, yes." -Suzanne Farrell
"What you put into life is what you get out of it." -Clint Eastwood
"When adversity strikes, that's when you have to be the most calm. Take a step back, stay strong, stay grounded and press on." -LL Cool J
"Whatsoever things common to man, that man has done, man can do." -Marcus Garvey
"I never rush myself. See, they can't start the game without me." -Satchel Paige
"I don't enjoy hearing the sound of my voice. The most important things for me are impossible to articulate extemporaneously." -Annie Baker
"Humility is to make a right estimate of one's self." -Charles Spurgeon
"Only you can control your future." -Dr. Seuss
"Coming home to my family afterward makes the work richer, easier and more fun." -Edie Falco
"I think no one could have made peace in Bosnia besides Holbrooke." -Michael Ignatieff
"I've made my share of mistakes, but had the good fortune to have them not be so public." -Joanna Garcia
"Many of America's historical cornbreads were staple breads for people who didn't have many other options." -Jeremy Jackson
"If you so choose, the challenges can make you stronger. If you so choose, the disappointments can make you more determined." -Ralph Marston
"As long as I'm not living out of a suitcase, I'm happy." -Jacquelyn Jablonski
"People with goals succeed because they know where they're going." -Earl Nightingale
"Diversity doesn't mean black and white only." -Henry Louis Gates
"It's funny, in literature no one ever goes to the lavatory." -Tom Baker
"I liked to read but, being a dancer, I didn't have a lot of time to read." -Suzanne Farrell
"There is no cure for the pride of a virtuous nation but pure religion." -Reinhold Niebuhr
"I always liked the intensity of the recording." -Chris Bailey
"I'm a calm person who wants to talk about things and think things through." -Shiloh Fernandez
"Love is the cheapest of religions." -Cesare Pavese
"Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere." -Carl Sagan
"I was totally all about the American Girl dolls when I was little - I had so many." -Jennifer Damiano
"There is only one real failure in life that is possible, and that is, not to be true to the best one knows." -Frederic William Farrar
"I have always thought of sophistication as rather a feeble substitute for decadence." -Christopher Hampton
"So this is why I'm always say happy that somebody mentions Rwanda, because behind Rwanda, we have Africa." -Boutros Boutros-Ghali
"Admiration is great, but there is a line not to cross." -Taissa Farmiga
"Forgiveness says you are given another chance to make a new beginning." -Desmond Tutu
"Art has to move you and design does not, unless it's a good design for a bus." -David Hockney
"I went to Queen's University Belfast and stayed nine months, then I ran away to be an actor." -Simon Callow
"I'd love to work with Michael Buble, with Tony Bennett, with Damian Marley, with Andrea Bocelli." -Kat Dahlia
"Life is too short not to experiment." -Jamelia
"One of the main things about Cockney is, you speak at twice the speed as Americans. Americans speak very slow." -Michael Caine
"The road can be hard on a kid if he's not careful." -Bill Haley
"It's a struggle for every young Black man. You know how it is, only God can judge us." -Tupac Shakur
"I need to be able to rock out." -Bryan Adams
"I deserve all the love you can spare me. And I want a lot more than I deserve." -Dashiell Hammett
"A lie can be halfway round the world before the truth has got its boots on." -James Callaghan
"I do love directing. It's probably my favorite thing that I do." -Jeff Garlin
"Become your dream, and not be told what you are supposed to do." -Katori Hall
"The golden rule for every business man is this: 'Put yourself in your customer's place.'" -Orison Swett Marden
"Soldiering is a very important profession, is it not?" -Mike Jackson
"I do fat people and these makeups are really hard to do, but I want to make monster movies." -Rick Baker
"Without music to decorate it, time is just a bunch of boring production deadlines or dates by which bills must be paid." -Frank Zappa
"We all have secrets. We've all kept secrets. We've had secrets kept from us, and we know how that feels." -Kim Edwards
"An awful lot of people think it's easy to lift recipes out." -Elizabeth David
"I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate." -George Burns
"This whole world is wild at heart and weird on top." -David Lynch
"Nobody's free until everybody's free." -Fannie Lou Hamer
"I'd love to romance Aishwarya Rai. But I'm 58 now. So I have to play her father." -Amitabh Bachchan
"There is a way to look at the past. Don't hide from it. It will not catch you if you don't repeat it." -Pearl Bailey
"Optimism is the madness of insisting that all is well when we are miserable." -Voltaire
"If we're talking about masculinity and tenderness, I don't look at Clinton." -Aaron Eckhart
"Every existing thing is born without reason, prolongs itself out of weakness, and dies by chance." -Jean-Paul Sartre
"Anyone can be falsely accused of a crime. Everyone accused of a crime deserves a fair trial." -John Garamendi
"Party of Five won a Golden Globe, it was a well-written television series." -Neve Campbell
"I want to continue to play characters that are not like me at all, and transform." -Janina Gavankar
"First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win." -Mahatma Gandhi
"I am a singer and dancer, and I've been perfecting it for a lot of years." -Tony Danza
"I think of myself... as a troubadour, a village storyteller, the guy in the shadows of the campfire." -Louis L'Amour
"Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence." -George Washington
"The greater the power, the more dangerous the abuse." -Edmund Burke
"Playing video games is something I enjoy in my spare time. I'm a gamer, always have been." -Kevin Garnett
"Step with care and great tact ,and remember that Life's a Great Balancing Act." -Dr. Seuss
"But the child's sob curses deeper in the silence than the strong man in his wrath!" -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
"I love a card. You know, cards? At birthdays? I collect them." -Adele
"I believe that Greenland will achieve independence during the time I am still active in politics." -Aleqa Hammond
"As an actress - and as an actor, too, but it's worse for actresses - you constantly get picked apart for how you look." -Lizzy Caplan
"Hell is empty and all the devils are here." -William Shakespeare
"The ultimate idea of rags-to-riches success in America is the Hollywood movie star." -Marin Ireland
"I go to third grade, and I'm scared to death. I'm just 6 years old, and the kids are so much bigger than me." -Philippe Dauman
"I have lived to thank God that all my prayers have not been answered." -Jean Ingelow
"If thou wilt make a man happy, add not unto his riches but take away from his desires." -Epicurus
"It's sometimes better to pretend I don't hear the sound of somebody in the nearby woods with a shotgun." -Dashiell Hammett
"It is easy to be beautiful; it is difficult to appear so." -Hosea Ballou
"Maybe I'll learn how, but the only thing I can do is turn down parts that would hurt my conscience." -Victoria Jackson
"There's a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot." -Steven Wright
"Death is nothing, but to live defeated and inglorious is to die daily." -Napoleon Bonaparte
"I don't find offensive that I'm being labelled a babe by blokes. I'm absolutely flattered." -Kirsty Gallacher
"I think privacy is important, and it's important you don't bore people with your own boring self." -Alison Jackson
"Life comes down to honesty and doing what's right. That's what's most important." -Bob Feller
"If ever I want to amuse myself with an idiot, I have not far to look for one. I laugh at myself." -Frederic William Farrar
"Cheese is milk's leap toward immortality." -Clifton Fadiman
"I am careful not to confuse excellence with perfection. Excellence I can reach for; perfection is God's business." -Michael J. Fox
"My only drive was to be the best dancer in the world, but I never won the world championship." -Anton du Beke
"Trying on pants is one of the most humiliating things a man can suffer that doesn't involve a woman." -Larry David
"I feel energized walking off stage." -Marketa Irglova
"Never stop learning; knowledge doubles every fourteen months." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
"We shred every day." -Fawn Hall
"I enjoy doing both of them very much, concert work particularly, and the division varies from season to season." -Sarah Caldwell
"A good listener is not only popular everywhere, but after a while, he knows something." -Wilson Mizner
"I have always been afraid of banks." -Andrew Jackson
"When I was a kid, I really loved Indians. Native Americans. Pardon. Me." -Dave Attell
"I wish I had an answer to that because I'm tired of answering that question." -Yogi Berra
"What the Super Bowl did for us was give us a sense of urgency." -George Jackson
"I don't know how to use appliances. I mean, I use the coffee maker. But that's it." -Peter Eisenman
"My parents are creative on many fronts, and they pushed me to be that way, too. They wanted me to write, actually." -Christine Elise
"An idealist is one who, on noticing that roses smell better than a cabbage, concludes that it will also make better soup." -H. L. Mencken
"I wanted to be a writer. I wanted to say something about home." -Ernest Gaines
"So you think that money is the root of all evil. Have you ever asked what is the root of all money?" -Ayn Rand
"People in love look into each other's souls, and it is that feeling that I try to capture when I sing." -Julio Iglesias
"Playing guitar is not a beauty contest." -Ernie Isley
"Finding a writer who can write decent kids' dialog and finding kids that can act realistically and not 'cute' is an effort." -Joe Dante
"Tell me to what you pay attention and I will tell you who you are." -Jose Ortega y Gasset
"My mum's American. She's from Detroit." -Rebecca Hall
"Two half philosophers will probably never a whole metaphysician make." -Gaston Bachelard
"People say we were an overnight success. It took us a year to be an overnight success." -James Daly
"It is a good thing to happen to you, to have that taste of fame because then you don't hanker for it." -Jane Badler
"I'm not a very good lover. I'm so nervous about my sexuality." -Anna Faris
"I've got a 27-inch waist. Before, I was stupid smaller. Finding clothes in the South was impossible." -Justin Townes Earle
"By seeing London, I have seen as much of life as the world can show." -Samuel Johnson
"When I was young I thought that money was the most important thing in life; now that I am old I know that it is." -Oscar Wilde
"Listen with the intent to understand, not the intent to reply." -Stephen Covey
"Bravery is being the only one who knows you're afraid." -Franklin P. Jones
"It's more interesting isn't it, if I've got a hedonistic dark side?" -Michael Fassbender
"I think everyone thinks their family is insane, and every family is insane. There is no real normal." -Seth Gabel
"When it is not in our power to follow what is true, we ought to follow what is most probable." -Rene Descartes
"You cannot set art off in a corner and hope for it to have vitality, reality, and substance." -Charles Ives
"God is love. He loves everybody. He loves you." -Yolanda Adams
"Most people associate reading with laying on the beach. They don't see that it's crucial for a democracy!" -David Baldacci
"What I can say is that there are some collections that come easily, and others that require more work." -Stefano Gabbana
"Like at Halloween: I knew I'd arrived when I saw people dressing up on Halloween as my character." -Jane Badler
"Children are not unforgiving. You can punish them and they will hug you in a few minutes." -T. D. Jakes
"I think my siblings sometimes have to defend me within their social circles - they are both barristers." -Jenny Eclair
"Laughter is an instant vacation." -Milton Berle
"It is frequently the tragedy of the great artist, as it is of the great scientist, that he frightens the ordinary man." -Loren Eiseley
"Discipline? I don't know the meaning of the word." -Liam Gallagher
"Whenever the work is itself light, it becomes necessary, in order to economize time, to increase the velocity." -Charles Babbage
"Your own safety is at stake when your neighbor's wall is ablaze." -Horace
"In life, as in football, you won't go far unless you know where the goalposts are." -Arnold H. Glasow
"As actors, you play people who are not yourselves!" -Laura Carmichael
"Those who are easily shocked should be shocked more often." -Mae West
"If you want to make beautiful music, you must play the black and the white notes together." -Richard M. Nixon
"I think sometimes you can study guys and build them into giants that they are not." -Ryan Hall
"A gentleman is one who puts more into the world than he takes out." -George Bernard Shaw
"Once you get rid of integrity the rest is a piece of cake." -Larry Hagman
"I have such a strong belief in women's ability to sustain each other." -Deidre Hall
"My happiness grows in direct proportion to my acceptance, and in inverse proportion to my expectations." -Michael J. Fox
"The role of a do-gooder is not what actors call a fat part." -Margaret Halsey
"Leaders do not sway with the polls. Instead, they sway the polls through their own words and actions." -Bob Ehrlich
"I never really thought I wanted to become a movie star." -Anna Faris
"It's pretty simple, pretty obvious: that people's first impressions of people are really a big mistake." -Vincent D'Onofrio
"Falsehood is cowardice, the truth courage." -Hosea Ballou
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." -Walt Disney
"Education is a weapon whose effects depend on who holds it in his hands and at whom it is aimed." -Joseph Stalin
"In the U.S., you have so many rules, everything's regulated and structured. When you make a mistake, you pay for it -a lot." -Jaromir Jagr
"I tell you, it is easier to build a grand opera or a city center than to build a personal house." -Alvar Aalto
"When an individual is kept in a situation of inferiority, the fact is that he does become inferior." -Simone de Beauvoir
"I discovered me in the library. I went to find me in the library." -Ray Bradbury
"We are not saints, but we have kept our appointment. How many people can boast as much?" -Samuel Beckett
"Love means to commit yourself without guarantee." -Anne Campbell
"Vampires are total sexual metaphors; there's just no way around that." -Alan Ball
"Life is an unanswered question, but let's still believe in the dignity and importance of the question." -Tennessee Williams
"When they boo you, you know they mean you." -George Halas
"Yes indeed I have gained a lot out of playing scales and etudes." -James Galway
"Too often I would hear men boast of the miles covered that day, rarely of what they had seen." -Louis L'Amour
"You can have anything in this world you want, if you want it badly enough and you're willing to pay the price." -Mary Kay Ash
"He who would be serene and pure needs but one thing, detachment." -Meister Eckhart
"I was eleventh-grade class president. That was the first elective office I held until I came into Congress." -Donna Edwards
"I thought it was getting better and better, because the production values were increasing each time we did it." -Derek Jacobi
"I think the Internet was the saving grace for Public Enemy. Before that, travelling the world saved Public Enemy." -Chuck D
"I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is." -Donald Trump
"You come to the planet with nothing and you leave with nothing, so you'd better do some good while you are here." -Alex Van Halen
"There is nothing that compares to an unexpected round of applause." -Lynn Abbey
"Time is the only critic without ambition." -John Steinbeck
"It is harder to conceal ignorance than to acquire knowledge." -Arnold H. Glasow
"From day one, I have always been open about my sexual orientation." -Tammy Baldwin
"I seldom end up where I wanted to go, but almost always end up where I need to be." -Douglas Adams
"I would make far more money if every song were my own, but I don't write to fill up the album with my songs." -Anita Baker
"Anybody could say anything they want about me, and it literally never penetrates my skin." -Ron White
"My real life helped me sell a lot of records." -The Notorious B.I.G.
"Hope is the anchor of our souls. I know of no one who is not in need of hope - young or old, strong or weak, rich or poor." -James E. Faust
"While I believe firmly in open markets and free trade, I also believe an open market needs a level playing field." -Philip Hammond
"Figure out who you are." -Randy Jackson
"For my part, I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"Richard Childress and myself have made some important innovations on our cars." -Dale Earnhardt
"The quest of the absolute leads into the four-dimensional world." -Arthur Eddington
"Hard work makes easy reading or, at least, easier reading." -M. H. Abrams
"Those who know the least obey the best." -George Farquhar
"I think you do better when you are really up for it, cause passion goes up." -Jim Capaldi
"It is difficult to know at what moment love begins; it is less difficult to know that it has begun." -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"The Internet is a whole new world opening up." -Kenneth Edmonds
"Manuscript: something submitted in haste and returned at leisure." -Oliver Herford
"No water, no life. No blue, no green." -Sylvia Earle
"At an early age, I quit high school at 17 and joined the Air Force." -Sandy Adams
"The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity." -Ayn Rand
"Flattery was one of Kissinger's principal tools in winning over Nixon, and a tool he employed shamelessly." -Robert Dallek
"I can only wait for the final amnesia, the one that can erase an entire life." -Luis Bunuel
"Cowards die many times before their actual deaths." -Julius Caesar
"It is all one to me if a man comes from Sing Sing Prison or Harvard. We hire a man, not his history." -Malcolm Forbes
"I always felt a weird obligation to be adventurous." -Bonnie Jo Campbell
"The trouble with telling a good story is that it invariably reminds the other fellow of a dull one." -Sid Caesar
"I don't work with people who ask me questions." -Leos Carax
"I think that we all carry the divine within us." -Isabelle Adjani
"I think a lot of men are afraid of pretty things, and I'm not, I like pretty songs." -Justin Townes Earle
"Being an only child is a disease in itself." -G. Stanley Hall
"Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced." -Soren Kierkegaard
"I always wanted to be on a sitcom." -Victoria Jackson
"I didn't look very sensitive and they didn't know me very well." -Geraldine Ferraro
"Nothing matters but the writing. There has been nothing else worthwhile... a stain upon the silence." -Samuel Beckett
"Inflation is the one form of taxation that can be imposed without legislation." -Milton Friedman
"On my best days, I fancy myself a combination of Dad's persistence/patience and Mom's toughness/skepticism." -David Einhorn
"The object of life is not to be on the side of the majority, but to escape finding oneself in the ranks of the insane." -Marcus Aurelius
"A wise man turns chance into good fortune." -Thomas Fuller
"There is no great invention, from fire to flying, which has not been hailed as an insult to some god." -John B. S. Haldane
"My aunt played the piano and I used to sit and listen to it." -Dick Dale
"Medical physics is an applied area of physics." -John Cameron
"I have discipline; I look after my voice." -Julio Iglesias
"A little learning is a dangerous thing, but a lot of ignorance is just as bad." -Bob Edwards
"He who believes in freedom of the will has never loved and never hated." -Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
"Wrong life cannot be lived rightly." -Theodor Adorno
"Times and conditions change so rapidly that we must keep our aim constantly focused on the future." -Walt Disney
"When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself." -Wayne Dyer
"When you choose your friends, don't be short-changed by choosing personality over character." -W. Somerset Maugham
"The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder." -Richard Bach
"I was a stunt man for 35 years." -Richard Farnsworth
"I think creativity is spiritual. I absolutely believe that." -F. Murray Abraham
"Great theatre is about challenging how we think and encouraging us to fantasize about a world we aspire to." -Willem Dafoe
"One man with a gun can control 100 without one." -Vladimir Lenin
"The doctor sees all the weakness of mankind; the lawyer all the wickedness, the theologian all the stupidity." -Arthur Schopenhauer
"If you can imagine it, you can achieve it. If you can dream it, you can become it." -William Arthur Ward
"Follow your own passion - not your parents', not your teachers' - yours." -Robert Ballard
"I'm very interested in my new kitchen equipment shop. I've started it with two friends." -Elizabeth David
"The envious man grows lean at the success of his neighbor." -Horace
"The uglier a man's legs are, the better he plays golf - it's almost a law." -H. G. Wells
"They've pushed me down a big ravine, but I'll get back up to the top." -Tyler Hamilton
"Cat: a pygmy lion who loves mice, hates dogs, and patronizes human beings." -Oliver Herford
"Sometimes, I get ideas from dreams. Often, my stories are based on adventures that I, or my friends, have actually lived." -Brian Jacques
"I've always written songs, even when I wasn't doing anything with my personal life in music." -Leif Garrett
"My guitars are my umbilical cord. They're directly wired into my head." -Kirk Hammett
"I have frequently gained my first real insight into the character of parents by studying their children." -Arthur Conan Doyle
"Sometimes I'll flip through a magazine and do a double take when I see myself in it, it's just crazy!" -Kimberly Caldwell
"Even the smallest daily chore can be humanized with the harmony of culture." -Alvar Aalto
"I think black Americans expect too much from individual black Americans in terms of changing the status quo." -Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
"George Bush doesn't represent any civilization!" -George Galloway
"It's definitely like being in some weird sorority. I'm friends with a lot of actresses, but my 'SNL' friends are my closest." -Ana Gasteyer
"Today you are you! That is truer than true! There is no one alive who is you-er than you!" -Dr. Seuss
"I actually don't think there is machismo in America, unless it's the cowboy type - the silent, smoking brooder." -Rosecrans Baldwin
"Light tomorrow with today!" -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
"I want to be the only American actress who doesn't do any plastic surgery or anything. I think older faces are great." -Kathy Baker
"I'm never less at leisure than when at leisure, or less alone than when alone." -Scipio Africanus
"I've always wanted to make a bluegrass album." -Alan Jackson
"I will not do festivals. The thought of an audience that big frightens the life out of me." -Adele
"Someone had to change the world. And obviously I was the one for the job." -Joan Baez
"I'm not a good dancer, but I try. I don't really have the moves." -Jacob Dalton
"To err is human; to forgive, divine." -Alexander Pope
"If my future were determined just by my performance on a standardized test, I wouldn't be here. I guarantee you that." -Michelle Obama
"The successful man is the one who had the chance and took it." -Roger Babson
"Avoid fried foods, which angry up the blood." -Satchel Paige
"For if you love those who love you, what reward have you? Do not even the tax collectors do the same?" -Jesus Christ
"I'm a competitive person." -Bob Ehrlich
"It's not just what you do on the pitch, it's what you do off the pitch." -Paul Ince
"Ideas are the great warriors of the world, and a war that has no idea behind it, is simply a brutality." -James A. Garfield
"I am the vessel. The draft is God's. And God is the thirsty one." -Dag Hammarskjold
"I don't sit there and speculate. I'm not that sort of person. It wastes time, actually." -Kate Adie
"I always tell people a clean cooking area is a clean mind which is available for the creativity." -Carla Hall
"Don't let fear rule your life. Live one day at a time, and never be afraid." -Tammy Faye Bakker
"Love is space and time measured by the heart." -Marcel Proust
"It is always the simple that produces the marvelous." -Amelia Barr
"I'm hard on myself, so I'm working on shifting perspective toward self-acceptance, with all my flaws and weaknesses." -Gwyneth Paltrow
"I'm quite a good listener, and I'm good at looking after people." -Amanda Abbington
"When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth." -Arthur Conan Doyle
"I think it better to do right, even if we suffer in so doing, than to incur the reproach of our consciences and posterity." -Robert E. Lee
"I love England and the historical aspect of it." -Dennis Farina
"Unless you're willing to have a go, fail miserably, and have another go, success won't happen." -Phillip Adams
"Life deals you a lot lessons, some people learn from it, some people don't." -Brett Favre
"The approach that the music industry took to fight piracy was the wrong strategy." -MC Hammer
"The purpose of a business is to create a customer." -Peter Drucker
"Ah, no, far be from me a thought which I loathe like poison." -Giuseppe Garibaldi
"Gardening always has been an art, essentially." -Robert Irwin
"Kisses are a better fate than wisdom." -e. e. cummings
"I'm a bit suspicious of people who are narrow in their musical tastes." -Steven Hall
"The finest command of language is often shown by saying nothing." -Roger Babson
"Lend yourself to others, but give yourself to yourself." -Michel de Montaigne
"All over the world, people are looking at India and saying 'wow', and that's because we have begun to say 'wow' ourselves." -Vidya Balan
"Everything is self-evident." -Rene Descartes
"Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward." -Victor Kiam
"I'm kind of like the goofy number-seven guy in a lot of movies." -Scott Caan
"The thing is this: You got to have fun while you're fightin' for freedom, 'cause you don't always win." -Molly Ivins
"Failures to heroic minds are the stepping stones to success." -Thomas Chandler Haliburton
"If you militarise a situation, you beg for an armed response." -Gerry Adams
"I spend more time in New York than the Dominican. I play here, I live here, so why not become a citizen?" -Robinson Cano
"If history repeats itself, and the unexpected always happens, how incapable must Man be of learning from experience." -George Bernard Shaw
"Happiness is not an ideal of reason, but of imagination." -Immanuel Kant
"Reciting lines is hard; making stuff up is much, much easier." -Zach Galifianakis
"Ships at a distance have every man's wish on board." -Zora Neale Hurston
"In being strict, you were able to control." -Joseph Jackson
"Why should society feel responsible only for the education of children, and not for the education of all adults of every age?" -Erich Fromm
"When words become unclear, I shall focus with photographs. When images become inadequate, I shall be content with silence." -Ansel Adams
"I'm going to do things when they are right for me." -Paul Gascoigne
"A lie has no leg, but a scandal has wings." -Thomas Fuller
"My heart goes out to the grieving parents who lost their two-year-old or their newborn." -Elizabeth Edwards
"Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will." -Mahatma Gandhi
"I was always active - I went from baseball to football. I didn't have time to work out." -Bo Jackson
"My eyebrows make a more profound impact on other people than they do on me. I just let 'em grow." -Peter Gallagher
"We actually have a real community of people doing useful things." -Mitchell Baker
"There is no security on this earth; there is only opportunity." -Douglas MacArthur
"Patience is the companion of wisdom." -Saint Augustine
"A noble purpose inspires sacrifice, stimulates innovation and encourages perseverance." -Gary Hamel
"There is no end of craving. Hence contentment alone is the best way to happiness. Therefore, acquire contentment." -Swami Sivananda
"I'm not well versed on the verbiage of the internet." -Larry Hagman
"There is neither rank nor station nor prerogative in the republic of the grave." -John James Ingalls
"In fact, the socialization gives us the tools to fill our evolutionary roles. They are our building blocks." -Warren Farrell
"I like dark places." -James Gandolfini
"After World War II, the major estates really did collapse." -Hugh Bonneville
"Opportunity dances with those already on the dance floor." -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"Self-suggestion makes you master of yourself." -W. Clement Stone
"The bathing suits they had me wear on Baywatch were all one-pieces, which kill my figure." -Nicole Eggert
"One is born to be a great dancer." -George Balanchine
"No one has ever loved anyone the way everyone wants to be loved." -Mignon McLaughlin
"Our environment, the world in which we live and work, is a mirror of our attitudes and expectations." -Earl Nightingale
"Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, it only saps today of its joy." -Leo Buscaglia
"You see George Clooney, and you think he's suave and handsome and really charming, but he's such a goofball!" -Britt Robertson
"I do hope that our spring will be starting shortly and we will all be able to enjoy some sunshine again." -Lesley Garrett
"Do exactly what you would do if you felt most secure." -Meister Eckhart
"And I'm working at trying to find a kind of language where I won't be so easily modulated by expectation." -Kathy Acker
"The design of each element should be thought out in order to be easy to make and easy to repair." -Leo Fender
"Creativity is what helps me escape a lot of my inner demons." -Demi Lovato
"There is no justification for having an affair." -Shanola Hampton
"Frank Sinatra is the only one that went from teen idol to superstar." -Leif Garrett
"Being a role model is a privilege." -Allyson Felix
"Now here I am playing a passionate young Irishman who would die for what he believes in." -James D'arcy
"Tears shed for self are tears of weakness, but tears shed for others are a sign of strength." -Billy Graham
"Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters." -Albert Einstein
"If you wish to be a writer, write." -Epictetus
"Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives." -Ronald Reagan
"Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting." -Christopher Morley
"Rivalry doesn't help anybody." -Peter Jackson
"At home I drive an old Land Rover." -Richard Hammond
"I have great respect for President Bush, Secretary Powell and Secretary Ridge." -Elton Gallegly
"My philosophy is to take one day at a time. I don't worry about the future. Tomorrow is even out of sight for me." -Bobby Darin
"Age affects how people experience time." -Edward T. Hall
"Harmony with land is like harmony with a friend; you cannot cherish his right hand and chop off his left." -Aldo Leopold
"A mind at peace, a mind centered and not focused on harming others, is stronger than any physical force in the universe." -Wayne Dyer
"The test of success is not what you do when you are on top. Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom." -George S. Patton
"One must keep working continuously; otherwise, one thinks of death." -Enzo Ferrari
"I prefer to play the villain or the antihero." -Scott Adkins
"With .NET once an API is published it's available to all programming languages at the same time." -Miguel de Icaza
"The bar is so low in rap - mediocrity is king!" -Jay Electronica
"It is only in sorrow bad weather masters us; in joy we face the storm and defy it." -Amelia Barr
"The history of all previous societies has been the history of class struggles." -Karl Marx
"We've had no problems with the actors, but we keep a really loose set." -Peter Farrelly
"I always want my books to reach a positive point in the end." -Cecelia Ahern
"To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead." -Bertrand Russell
"They liked me so long as the liquor flowed at my house, but I haven't seen any of them around lately." -Bud Abbott
"Life has no meaning the moment you lose the illusion of being eternal." -Jean-Paul Sartre
"I'm not very glamorous." -Freema Agyeman
"I seen a lot of changes. You got to make changes. I even make changes in my blues." -David Edwards
"When eating an elephant take one bite at a time." -Creighton Abrams
"Films about women and their concerns are seen as frivolous, limited and, most damaging of all, niche." -Romola Garai
"I've always thought of myself as shy." -Nicholson Baker
"When companies try to guess what consumers want, they essentially make the choice for consumers." -Sheena Iyengar
"Work all paled into the background as soon as I had a baby." -Chris Hemsworth
"I cook with wine, sometimes I even add it to the food." -W. C. Fields
"I'm the one who has to look in the mirror, and after a while it begins to eat at you." -John Candy
"A man who makes trouble for others is also making trouble for himself." -Chinua Achebe
"True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing." -Socrates
"If my goal is to become a movie star, me working at a pizza shop won't help me. I have to make the stars align." -Terrence J
"I was seeing this girl recently and used to call her up saying I missed her. I can't help it after a few drinks!" -Adam Garcia
"I never felt I left the stage." -Helen Gahagan
"Nations, great nations have limitations. All nations have limitations. Even great powers have limitations." -Chuck Hagel
"The God who has the whole world in his hands has grace for the whole world in his heart." -Lewis B. Smedes
"Art: If the object of poetry is, to make men, then poetry is the heir of prophecy." -Muhammad Iqbal
"I think if you can get to that point, exercising, when you really enjoy it, then you're pretty much set for life." -Sebastian Bach
"It is the addition of strangeness to beauty that constitutes the romantic character in art." -Walter Hagen
"I like to be quiet, and let people find me rather than having to shout at them." -Larry David
"If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one." -Mother Teresa
"The more real things get, the more like myths they become." -Rainer Werner Fassbinder
"You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with." -Wayne Dyer
"We can let circumstances rule us, or we can take charge and rule our lives from within." -Earl Nightingale
"I'm impatient. I get twitchy. When I get that feeling I just go out and make something happen." -John Cale
"Into thy hands, O Lord. Into thy hands." -Henry Irving
"If Paul McCartney tells me that so-and-so song is his favorite song, what do I care? What do I care what anybody else says?" -Daryl Hall
"I'm from Hollywood; I'm too dumb to be nervous about New York." -Yvonne De Carlo
"In performance, you don't always feel that sort of family bond right off the top. It sort of develops and grows over time." -Uzo Aduba
"We are each of us angels with only one wing, and we can only fly by embracing one another." -Luciano De Crescenzo
"Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot." -Groucho Marx
"The Industrial Revolution was another of those extraordinary jumps forward in the story of civilization." -Stephen Gardiner
"Every decade needs its own manual of handicraft." -Liberty Hyde Bailey
"Many men hoard for the future husbands of their wives." -Solomon Ibn Gabirol
"Some people talk of morality, and some of religion, but give me a little snug property." -Maria Edgeworth
"The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live." -George Carlin
"Love and work... work and love, that's all there is." -Sigmund Freud
"Everyone needs a coach. It doesn't matter whether you're a basketball player, a tennis player, a gymnast or a bridge player." -Bill Gates
"If you don't have an emotionally engaging design for a device, no one will care about it." -Tony Fadell
"All I do is play football, eat, sleep, play with my kids, play football." -Timothy F. Cahill
"If I have no children what would be the point of living." -Sheena Easton
"Happiness consists not in having much, but in being content with little." -Marguerite Gardiner
"When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be." -Lao Tzu
"Success is tricky to deal with, both professionally and in your personal life." -Ewan McGregor
"When I'm making records, I like it to be quite fast. Don't let the band learn it too well." -Stevie Jackson
"A man's friendships are one of the best measures of his worth." -Charles Darwin
"You don't see too many atheists on the deathbed. They all start cramming then." -Dolly Parton
"It will never rain roses: when we want to have more roses we must plant more trees." -George Eliot
"MRSA, which is a kind of super bug mutant, is killing 10,000 people a year in Britain." -George Galloway
"I have no doubt that Brian May would have had a brilliant career in science had he completed his Ph.D. in 1971." -Garik Israelian
"I had some surgery on my feet, which has helped my back some." -Merle Haggard
"No writer should minimize the factor that affects everyone, but is beyond control: luck." -John Jakes
"There are now over 5,000 medical physicists in the U.S more than 50 times the number in 1958." -John Cameron
"Discipline is the soul of an army. It makes small numbers formidable; procures success to the weak, and esteem to all." -George Washington
"I love animation, I really do, but I don't do it for the children." -Mario Cantone
"There is no one who would have me - I can't cook." -Greta Garbo
"When you are already in Detroit, you don't have to take a bus to get there." -Ram Dass
"We sometime didn't get enough to buy oats for our horses. Most banks had very little money in them." -Frank James
"He who leaves nothing to chance will do few things poorly, but he will do few things." -E. F. L. Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax
"I've only slept with men I've been married to. How many women can make that claim?" -Elizabeth Taylor
"The tongue is the only tool that gets sharper with use." -Washington Irving
"A 'naughty pickle' is how I'd best describe myself. I think fun and laughter is the whole point of life." -Celia Imrie
"Nobody should come to the movies unless he believes in heroes." -John Wayne
"Persuasion is often more effectual than force." -Aesop
"I'm a Beethoven freak. I listen to him all the time." -David Canary
"Adventure is worthwhile in itself." -Amelia Earhart
"The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding." -Leonardo da Vinci
"And the blood of brave men was shed like unto the shedding of rain from a black cloud." -Ferdowsi
"Larry only ever wrote one song, and he wrote that with Tony Kaye, I think it was, from Yes." -Neil Innes
"You can't drown yourself in drink. I've tried, you float." -John Barrymore
"I really wanted to go to high school and be normal." -Kate Bosworth
"Energy and persistence conquer all things." -Benjamin Franklin
"With a little more tweaking, we could make orange juice in the orange without any packaging or processing." -Homaro Cantu
"Never do a wrong thing to make a friend or to keep one." -Robert E. Lee
"I think getting the rest of the guys in the band to write is important." -Donnie Iris
"Til 1983, I wrote primarily for other psychologists and expected that they would be the principal audience for my book." -Howard Gardner
"I had very little confidence in myself as an actress." -Maude Adams
"And I don't believe that melodramatic feelings are laughable - they should be taken absolutely seriously." -Rainer Werner Fassbinder
"You cannot live on other people's promises, but if you promise others enough, you can live on your own." -Mark Caine
"Beauty makes idiots sad and wise men merry." -George Jean Nathan
"When you do bad things, bad things happen to you." -Farrah Fawcett
"Actors work and slave and it is the color of your hair that can determine your fate in the end." -Helen Hayes
"One is not born, but rather becomes, a woman." -Simone de Beauvoir
"It's easy to make good decisions when there are no bad options." -Robert Half
"Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal." -Earl Nightingale
"Never wear your best trousers when you go out to fight for freedom and truth." -Henrik Ibsen
"I have been a selfish being all my life, in practice, though not in principle." -Jane Austen
"The business of being a popular entertainer in England is just too hard." -Andrew Eldritch
"I have no problem with starting from scratch." -Leif Garrett
"I must work the works of Him Who sent me while it is yet day." -Sheldon Jackson
"I really am profoundly grateful just in general in my life. I've had an embarrassing amount of good fortune." -Edie Falco
"Latins are tenderly enthusiastic. In Brazil they throw flowers at you. In Argentina they throw themselves." -Marlene Dietrich
"It is no use walking anywhere to preach unless our walking is our preaching." -Francis of Assisi
"What I can't figure out is why we're not making more R-rated movies, actually." -Lorenzo di Bonaventura
"Truly, it is in darkness that one finds the light, so when we are in sorrow, then this light is nearest of all to us." -Meister Eckhart
"After 'Baby Doll,' I did some Westerns. I would try to do something so far away from 'Baby Doll.'" -Carroll Baker
"One doesn't recognize the really important moments in one's life until it's too late." -Agatha Christie
"Be gentle to all and stern with yourself." -Saint Teresa of Avila
"The calmer and more well-ordered my desktop is, the more I can convince myself I'm on top of things." -Steven Hall
"I am a leader in my own world. That's enough for me." -Kate del Castillo
"Some people try to get you out of slavery for you to be their slave." -Mike Tyson
"People abusing their power makes me see red." -Neil Jackson
"In the power of fixing the attention lies the most precious of the intellectual habits." -Robert Hall
"The Internet offers untold potential for humanity. To make the most of it, we need to think of the Internet as 'ours.'" -Mitchell Baker
"Wall Street wants to keep its schemes too complicated to understand so that the roulette wheel can keep turning." -Maria Cantwell
"Almost anyone can be an author; the business is to collect money and fame from this state of being." -A. A. Milne
"I felt that I did have the crowd behind me. That obviously helps a lot." -Stefan Edberg
"We have long possessed the art of war and the science of war, which have been evolved in the minutest detail." -Fredrik Bajer
"I'm not particular. I don't have favourite pictures." -William Eggleston
"Because I'm a synesthete I see characters in colors and I perceive a W as green." -Robert Cailliau
"Less is only more where more is no good." -Frank Lloyd Wright
"Reading the Gospels, without the personality of Jesus, is like watching television with the sound turned off." -John Eldredge
"Love is the silent saying and saying of a single name." -Mignon McLaughlin
"Asia is rich in people, rich in culture and rich in resources. It is also rich in trouble." -Hubert H. Humphrey
"Are Christians too stupid that we can't write a script, we can't film a movie OR we don't know how to act?" -Victoria Jackson
"All the beautiful sentiments in the world weigh less than a single lovely action." -James Russell Lowell
"I love Scotland. Edinburgh is a beautiful city and has a wonderful tradition of supporting the arts." -Peter Hambleton
"My life is God's life in me for Him to do with what He wants." -Stephen Baldwin
"The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself." -Douglas MacArthur
"I used to travel in tennis shoes; I am just not allowed to anymore. I'm an old hippie from San Francisco." -Amy Irving
"Ring up your parents and ring up your kids and tell them that you love them." -Stephen Daldry
"Obedience is the mother of success and is wedded to safety." -Aeschylus
"People come up to me and they thank me: 'I thank you for the many, many hours of laughter.'" -Sid Caesar
"Fascism is capitalism in decay." -Vladimir Lenin
"Yield to temptation. It may not pass your way again." -Robert A. Heinlein
"God is a verb, not a noun." -R. Buckminster Fuller
"The life of the dead is placed in the memory of the living." -Marcus Tullius Cicero
"Adversity is the diamond dust Heaven polishes its jewels with." -Thomas Carlyle
"Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself." -Leo Tolstoy
"Cruel leaders are replaced only to have new leaders turn cruel." -Che Guevara
"Cancer is not a straight line. It's up and down." -Elizabeth Edwards
"The world today doesn't make sense, so why should I paint pictures that do?" -Pablo Picasso
"How can a woman be expected to be happy with a man who insists on treating her as if she were a perfectly normal human being." -Oscar Wilde
"I think by writing about a place with great specificity, you manage to make it universal." -Bonnie Jo Campbell
"I know it's not a one man team win or lose." -Brett Favre
"The great thing in the world is not so much to seek happiness as to earn peace and self-respect." -Thomas Huxley
"Many are called but few get up." -Oliver Herford
"Our economic freedom is founded on individual property rights; government should never be permitted to take those away." -Ernest Istook
"Life will not break your heart. It'll crush it." -Henry Rollins
"A heart well prepared for adversity in bad times hopes, and in good times fears for a change in fortune." -Horace
"Yeah, we have our differences, but we put those aside, and now we're making music. It's great." -Alex Van Halen
"You can't second-guess yourself as a filmmaker." -Ralph Bakshi
"My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too." -Rodney Dangerfield
"Never boss people around. It's more important to click with people than to click the shutter." -Alfred Eisenstaedt
"The heart and soul of the company is creativity and innovation." -Bob Iger
"Hollywood loves to typecast, and I guess they saw me as a violent guy." -Gene Hackman
"I was an avid radio fan when I was a boy, as well as a great lover of comic strips." -Guillermo Cabrera Infante
"Light is the symbol of truth." -James Russell Lowell
"Anything that's of any use, famous people get hold of it and take it for themselves and it gets a bad rap." -Noel Gallagher
"I never expect to lose. Even when I'm the underdog, I still prepare a victory speech." -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"You can only milk a cow so long, then you're left holding the pail." -Hank Aaron
"No one will ever win a 5,000-meter by running an easy two miles. Not against me." -Steve Prefontaine
"I'm no natural beauty. If I'm gonna have any looks at all, I'm gonna have to create them." -Dolly Parton
"Climate change is a really abstract thing in most of the world." -James Balog
"I try to avoid a specific image. I seek to play as many different women as I can to avoid having a label put on me." -Blythe Danner
"Lord, grant that I might not so much seek to be loved as to love." -Francis of Assisi
"Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter." -Mark Twain
"Pray for your mate. Ask God to soften your heart and show you ways to be a better spouse." -Willie Aames
"I have received nasty e-mails, messages on Twitter and ridiculous comments, not only about my size, but my family." -Ireland Baldwin
"There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them." -Andre Gide
"I liked tap, because I liked hearing the results of my movements." -Suzanne Farrell
"Critics should stick to their convictions." -Chuck Eddy
"It's easier to force feed people than it is to give 'em what they want. It makes more money." -Merle Haggard
"I don't need the money, dear. I work for art." -Maria Callas
"I wasn't looking for religion; I was looking for a world view." -John Eldredge
"I'm grateful this ordeal is over, and I'm so looking forward to getting back to the job I love." -Paula Abdul
"We have within us, from the start, that which will distinguish us from the vulgar herd." -Jean Henri Fabre
"I always say that candy is the perfect studio food - it keeps your energy going." -Nick Cannon
"There is no such thing as talent. There is pressure." -Alfred Adler
"I'm very accessible. I don't get into this ego thing." -Scott Hamilton
"Music is very influential to my writing, as are theater and film." -Jessica Hagedorn
"The longer I live, the more beautiful life becomes." -Frank Lloyd Wright
"Because I could not stop for death, He kindly stopped for me; The carriage held but just ourselves and immortality." -Emily Dickinson
"Nothing, nothing justifies terrorism." -Mahmoud Darwish
"A well-spent day brings happy sleep." -Leonardo da Vinci
"It's very clearly stated in the film: You make your own choices, and what you're always fighting is ego." -Taylor Hackford
"It was one long, anxious, inexorable, eternal vigil." -Frank James
"When you're dead, you're dead. That's it." -Marlene Dietrich
"Improvement begins with I." -Arnold H. Glasow
"I did tell security to make sure you stay and watch him pretty closely." -Joseph Jackson
"A particularly beautiful woman is a source of terror. As a rule, a beautiful woman is a terrible disappointment." -Carl Jung
"I go to nature to be soothed and healed, and to have my senses put in order." -John Burroughs
"I'm an ocean, because I'm really deep. If you search deep enough you can find rare exotic treasures." -Christina Aguilera
"Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Logic has made me hated in the world." -Peter Abelard
"When you're in a relationship you want it to work. My parents did, I did. But we are not taught how to make it work." -Erykah Badu
"Most of you are so young you don't know who I am, and that's good." -Jim Bakker
"Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable." -John F. Kennedy
"I have an excellent internal compass." -Hugh Bonneville
"In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield." -Warren Buffett
"The stars that have most glory have no rest." -Samuel Daniel
"I'll never be August Wilson - but what I can be is more of myself." -Katori Hall
"It's not that our family has no taste, it's just that our family's taste is inconsistent." -Dave Eggers
"My masters are strange folk with very little care for music in them." -Johann Sebastian Bach
"I've never been involved in something where people cared about my personal life and the gossip of it!" -Jennifer Damiano
"The way to know life is to love many things." -Vincent Van Gogh
"As far as I know, all the presidents know about Area 51. It would almost be impossible for them not to." -Annie Jacobsen
"Disneyland will never be completed. It will continue to grow as long as there is imagination left in the world." -Walt Disney
"Ireland. Great for the spirit - very bad for the body." -Hugh Dancy
"Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your good health has vanished." -Og Mandino
"Nobody sets out to make a bad record." -Alex Van Halen
"Man will never be enslaved by machinery if the man tending the machine be paid enough." -Karel Capek
"Luckily, I'm in the position now of being able to play purely because I have the desire to do so." -Chico Hamilton
"Marcel Desailly was pretty hard when I played against him in a Milan derby." -Paul Ince
"It is more important to click with people than to click the shutter." -Alfred Eisenstaedt
"I got beat up up in Texas because my bootlaces were the wrong color." -Fairuza Balk
"The more I think about it, the more I realize there is nothing more artistic than to love others." -Vincent Van Gogh
"We will not rest until the wooden stake is punched through the heart of the Enron lawsuit against us." -Maria Cantwell
"Awards don't really mean much." -Uta Hagen
"Each life is made up of mistakes and learning, waiting and growing, practicing patience and being persistent." -Billy Graham
"No, I had a back injury early on in my life." -Merle Haggard
"I'm not really interested in the celebrity themselves. I'm interested in the perception of the celebrity." -Alison Jackson
"We think that forgiveness is weakness, but it's absolutely not; it takes a very strong person to forgive." -T. D. Jakes
"Pakistan is both an ally in the war on terror, and in some sense, a battleground of the war on terror." -Stephen Hadley
"Artists are the monks of the bourgeois state." -Cesare Pavese
"On that show, I did country and some rock, too, whatever record I had out at the time, I'd sing that." -Wanda Jackson
"The Lord gets his best soldiers out of the highlands of affliction." -Charles Spurgeon
"People don't mind being mean; but they never want to be ridiculous." -Moliere
"The rich will do anything for the poor but get off their backs." -Karl Marx
"When you have to get into the character each morning, give it your voice, your face, it was torture." -Victoria Abril
"We get sucked into the Internet and streaming information, and it's time to just unplug and look within." -Jonathan Cain
"I love Pittsburgh because it's a humble city. It's really grounded in its rich history and culture." -Kyle Abraham
"I'm not independently wealthy." -Mark Z. Danielewski
"The pursuit of truth will set you free; even if you never catch up with it." -Clarence Darrow
"If you see swarms of guys coming around you, you have to try and avoid being stuck on the kerb." -Michael East
"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." -Steve Jobs
"The danger is not that a particular class is unfit to govern: every class is unfit to govern." -Lord Acton
"As a writer, you sit around a computer all day, and it's too easy to open another tab and keep Rotten Tomatoes there." -Evan Daugherty
"Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth." -Arthur Conan Doyle
"The most effective way to do it, is to do it." -Amelia Earhart
"I don't remember anybody's name. How do you think the 'dahling' thing got started?" -Zsa Zsa Gabor
"For me, drawing generates thinking and vice versa." -Helmut Jahn
"Curiosity is one of the most permanent and certain characteristics of a vigorous intellect." -Samuel Johnson
"With 'Mad Men,' you feel like you're a member of Seal Team Six when you're shooting." -Ben Feldman
"I did not know many of the details relevant to the Iran and contra initiatives." -Fawn Hall
"Doing what you want to do is easy. Doing what you have to do is hard." -Larry Elder
"When you're young, the goal is to have a hit. You get a little older and the goal becomes to get to make another record." -Janis Ian
"But I do not have the reader in mind when I write. No true writer does that." -Guillermo Cabrera Infante
"You have to eventually grow up and take control of your life, which is very hard to do." -Farrah Fawcett
"I like to keep my Twitter pure. I don't want to sell my followers anything." -Peter Facinelli
"My daughter and I have this thing we call a PMA: 'perfect moment alert.' I try to really notice when we're having a PMA." -Nina Jacobson
"I've seen a lot of people jump on and off my bandwagon." -Brett Favre
"Basically I am just another actor who loves his work and this thing about age only exists in the media." -Amitabh Bachchan
"My experience is that you can't possibly win against whatever the tidal wave is that's coming at you." -Lorenzo di Bonaventura
"I was an emotional basket case." -Jennifer Capriati
"Let all the time you can get be spent in trying to learn to read." -Jupiter Hammon
"Thank you for leaving us alone but giving us enough attention to boost our egos." -Mick Jagger
"With Spotify, people don't get it until they try it. Then they tell their friends." -Daniel Ek
"It's a war zone, my body, and one which has been through a great deal." -Amitabh Bachchan
"I'm a private person. I'm shy about people knowing things." -Farrah Fawcett
"Growth for the sake of growth is the ideology of the cancer cell." -Edward Abbey
"My entire soul is a cry, and all my work is a commentary on that cry." -Nikos Kazantzakis
"No one can be right all of the time, but it helps to be right most of the time." -Robert Half
"We have to base architecture on the environment." -Toyo Ito
"Every thriller needs a good bad guy; without a bad guy, there's no thriller." -Michael Eklund
"And then, of course, there's a couple that claim to be, but I haven't done any DNA tests or anything." -Merle Haggard
"I ain't afraid to tell the world that it didn't take school stuff to help a fella play ball." -Shoeless Joe Jackson
"I like to describe myself as a proudly visible member of the most invisible segments of our society - older women." -Cindy Gallop
"He who builds a masjid in the way of Allah, God will build a house for him in the paradise." -Abu Bakr
"Do not look down upon any Muslim, for even the most inferior believer is great in the eyes of God." -Abu Bakr
"Humanity is mind-controlled and only slightly more conscious than your average zombie." -David Icke
"Most people are completely unaware of their breath. They violate your space, they have no idea that they have halitosis." -Larry David
"That which does not kill us makes us stronger." -Friedrich Nietzsche
"Doctors didn't know what to do with me." -Darrell Hammond
"Nothing has been given to me." -Freddy Adu
"Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough." -Og Mandino
"A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man." -Lana Turner
"It is like living in a wilderness of mirrors. No fact goes unchallenged." -Bruce Babbitt
"I think work begets work." -Adam Baldwin
"Music was a large part of my life. and it is a bit cliche, but it's a way people come together." -Clyde Edgerton
"When you get into the game you've got be thinking, when I get into the attacking third I'm gonna be freakin' creative." -Freddy Adu
"I didn't have anything to apologize for." -Bernard Ebbers
"We have a unique opportunity as Disney because it really is the only true global entertainment brand." -Bob Iger
"But God can only smile because only God can know what is coming next." -Desmond Tutu
"I couldn't imagine having to write a paper and have to think about what song I am going to sing." -Naima Adedapo
"Plato stands for the union of truth and goodness in the supreme idea of God." -James Mark Baldwin
"Real luxury is customization." -Lapo Elkann
"To educate a man in mind and not in morals is to educate a menace to society." -Theodore Roosevelt
"Don't keep reaching for the stars because you'll just look like an idiot stretching that way for no reason." -Jimmy Fallon
"We fully expect our competitors to join us in embracing open standards with their next redesigns." -Mike Davidson
"I used to think I needed a man to define myself. Not any more." -Capucine
"I always seem to be reading several books at once." -Drew Gilpin Faust
"People have this impression that I'm this crazy Christian, but I'm really balanced." -Cheryl James
"I feel so lucky to have both a son and a daughter, because there's a different relationship with each of them." -Hugh Jackman
"I would like to be remembered as a person who wanted to be free... so other people would be also free." -Rosa Parks
"When I'm on the court, I'm a follower." -Howard Bach
"How can you sing of amazing grace and all God's wonders without using your hands?" -Mahalia Jackson
"Other than the laws of physics, rules have never really worked out for me." -Craig Ferguson
"The study of Nature is intercourse with the Highest Mind. You should never trifle with Nature." -Louis Agassiz
"I think, ultimately, looking back now, acting wasn't satisfying me 100%." -Joey Lauren Adams
"My work is on the one hand laboured, and on the other completely happenstance and intuitive." -Ellen Gallagher
"There are lots of people who mistake their imagination for their memory." -Josh Billings
"Outsiders often have an insight that an insider doesn't quite have." -Diane Abbott
"The uncertainty of the danger belongs to the essence of terrorism." -Jurgen Habermas
"I have seen the movement of the sinews of the sky, And the blood coursing in the veins of the moon." -Muhammad Iqbal
"Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
"Last night I neglected to mention something that bears repeating." -Ron Fairly
"One approaches the journey's end. But the end is a goal, not a catastrophe." -George Sand
"A sharp tongue is the only edge tool that grows keener with constant use." -Washington Irving
"They thought I was a success as soon as I started paying the bills." -Mahalia Jackson
"A barrier is of ideas, not of things." -Mark Caine
"True faith is belief in the reality of absolute values." -William Ralph Inge
"I was raised in Hollywood and knew, from as early as grammar school, classmates who were in the business." -Mike Farrell
"There is no need for nuclear. The world can be powered by wind, water and sun alone." -Mark Z. Jacobson
"Alcohol is the anesthesia by which we endure the operation of life." -George Bernard Shaw
"I think new writers everywhere need opportunities to get published." -Greg Egan
"Growth is a spiral process, doubling back on itself, reassessing and regrouping." -Julia Margaret Cameron
"My hands, my feet, I throw my whole body to say all that is within me." -Mahalia Jackson
"What is called for is dignity. We need to set an example." -Kenny Dalglish
"Nothing will work unless you do." -Maya Angelou
"A gentle word, a kind look, a good-natured smile can work wonders and accomplish miracles." -William Hazlitt
"Western concepts of ownership and privatization came in and clashed with that. So land began to be exchanged." -Neil Abercrombie
"The harder the struggle, the more glorious the triumph. Self-realization demands very great struggle." -Swami Sivananda
"When you feel like an outsider - for whatever reason - you spend a lot of time alone." -Meg Cabot
"The trouble with law is lawyers." -Clarence Darrow
"The sad souls of those who lived without blame and without praise." -Dante Alighieri
"We're at war against the ultimate evil in the world, and We're going to win." -Johnny Isakson
"Never put a sock in a toaster." -Eddie Izzard
"All war aims for impunity." -Michael Ignatieff
"Jamming is really the most awful, excruciating experience for me; I really don't enjoy it." -The Edge
"Only when a man will not do some things is he capable of doing great things." -Mencius
"Sweat makes good friendship cement." -Tyne Daly
"I got into theater at an early age." -Kevin Daniels
"I like writing a joke, and I like when a joke works, and I like other comics who tell jokes." -Dave Attell
"Before deciding to retire, stay home for a week and watch the daytime TV shows." -Bill Copeland
"Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy." -Lao Tzu
"Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else's opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation." -Oscar Wilde
"If people are looking forward to my films, then I am happy, and I must be doing something right." -Abhishek Bachchan
"It doesn't hurt to feel sad from time to time." -Willie Nelson
"I wish I finished music school, because then I feel like I could talk more about the dissonant notes." -Petra Haden
"The Japan-U.S. alliance is an irreplaceable alliance. And I would like to further consolidate and broaden that alliance." -Shinzo Abe
"Initiative is doing the right thing without being told." -Victor Hugo
"I went into the family business. To me, it was the norm and not the exception." -Tyne Daly
"Your depression is connected to your insolence and refusal to praise." -Rumi
"Everyone thinks they're going to write one book of poems or one novel." -Marilyn Hacker
"As a fluke, my great-grandfather hit one of the largest oil reserves in California." -Armie Hammer
"If the present world go astray, the cause is in you, in you it is to be sought." -Dante Alighieri
"At the end of the day, I'm not a bad person; I don't hurt anyone." -Tamara Ecclestone
"Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise." -Benjamin Franklin
"You try to be moody when you're young and it had a good ring to it." -Jim Capaldi
"I like to stand out and make a statement." -Cindy Gallop
"I'm used to hearing myself. My own voice." -Billy Eckstine
"There's so little money in my bank account, my scenic checks show a ghetto." -Phyllis Diller
"Some people die at 25 and aren't buried until 75." -Benjamin Franklin
"It is a far, far better thing to have a firm anchor in nonsense than to put out on the troubled seas of thought." -John Kenneth Galbraith
"That which is false troubles the heart, but truth brings joyous tranquillity." -Rumi
"When grace is joined with wrinkles, it is adorable. There is an unspeakable dawn in happy old age." -Victor Hugo
"If you try to bring 'teen drama,' you end up doing nothing but pouting." -Max Irons
"I'm preparing for a multimedia theater piece, Airport Music, that's coming up in New York City." -Jessica Hagedorn
"Some things are too important to be left to the private sector." -George Galloway
"There seems to be more abiding interest in unearthing old memos abroad than there is here." -Gwen Ifill
"Never expect people to treat you any better than you treat yourself." -Bo Bennett
"I really have never been concerned about being beautiful on-screen. That's just not my jam." -Claire Danes
"A Parliament is nothing less than a big meeting of more or less idle people." -Walter Bagehot
"It's always a great day going to work with Ginnifer Goodwin; she's a fantastic actress and I learn so much from her." -Josh Dallas
"I love the show 'Damages!' I am truly addicted." -Carrie Ann Inaba
"A smile is the light in your window that tells others that there is a caring, sharing person inside." -Denis Waitley
"I think it is a shock to people to find out that MC Hammer is a super geek." -MC Hammer
"The more I see the less I know for sure." -John Lennon
"This is the year you really put the stake in the ground." -Stephen Baker
"No passion in the world is equal to the passion to alter someone else's draft." -H. G. Wells
"Who in the world am I? Ah, that's the great puzzle." -Lewis Carroll
"The rule is, jam tomorrow and jam yesterday - but never jam today." -Lewis Carroll
"I only ask of the government to be treated as all other men are treated." -Chief Joseph
"Never let a fool kiss you, or a kiss fool you." -Joey Adams
"Democracy derailed is democracy denied." -Chaka Fattah
"I think we have a great track record on being relevant, on identifying consumer trends, needs and wants." -Jim Cantalupo
"Even if I have only 15 minutes, I knock out some toning moves or get in a burst of cardio." -Brooke D'Orsay
"The Irish Republican Army has kept every commitment made by its leadership." -Gerry Adams
"I have never been motivated by money in my life. You can't make choices based on what the financial return might be." -Stephen Daldry
"I'm not anti-fox hunting because, to me, shooting foxes is even worse and the results are horrendous." -Roger Daltrey
"I think of my peace paintings as one long poem, with each painting being a single stanza." -Robert Indiana
"My coaches were great. My mom and dad. My dad never missed a wrestling meet." -Dan Gable
"I have been recognized from 'Mad Men,' and it's so cool when that happens because I am so proud to be a part of the show." -Jay R. Ferguson
"You don't cheat anybody out of their experience, whatever it is." -Andre Agassi
"I have no fear of being less beautiful, I've always been afraid of not being beautiful." -Isabelle Adjani
"I'm very serious about acting." -Victor Garber
"Realism is a bad word. In a sense everything is realistic. I see no line between the imaginary and the real." -Federico Fellini
"I think the main reason my marriages failed is that I always loved too well but never wisely." -Ava Gardner
"My body is like breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I don't think about it, I just have it." -Arnold Schwarzenegger
"You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection." -Buddha
"By denying scientific principles, one may maintain any paradox." -Galileo Galilei
"The sun is gone, but I have a light." -Kurt Cobain
"Use what talents you possess; the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best." -Henry Van Dyke
"You cannot fight against the future. Time is on our side." -William E. Gladstone
"When you are not practicing, someone else is getting better." -Allen Iverson
"If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?" -Lily Tomlin
"Freud was just a novelist." -Peter Ackroyd
"When you are a character actor they trust you will go in and give them a full character and leave." -Vincent D'Onofrio
"The real purpose of books is to trap the mind into doing its own thinking." -Christopher Morley
"Men, their rights, and nothing more; women, their rights, and nothing less." -Susan B. Anthony
"Commercialism isn't challenging creatively; it's only challenging in a stamina way." -Feist
"Movies don't make people act a fool. People act a fool because they want to act a fool." -Eazy-E
"Ninety-nine percent of the world's lovers are not with their first choice. That's what makes the jukebox play." -Willie Nelson
"I write edgy, sexy teen romances, and that's what I'll continue to do." -Simone Elkeles
"Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much." -Oscar Wilde
"I've always had a great fondness for English detective fiction such as Agatha Christie and Dorothy Sayers." -Kazuo Ishiguro
"Earthly wisdom is doing what comes naturally. Godly wisdom is doing what the Holy Spirit compels us to do." -Charles Stanley
"Happiness is an inside job." -William Arthur Ward
"You don't take a job in acting at all expecting 25 years in and a pension." -Sarah Wayne Callies
"There is no greater sorrow than to recall happiness in times of misery." -Dante Alighieri
"I should never impose an image forever. I like how ephemeral it can be." -JR
"I was happier before, when I lead a normal life." -Enrique Iglesias
"The place where the system and people's intentions meet is the political arena." -Peter Garrett
"The only thing I want is to awaken all humans on the planet that we are living on Mother Earth." -Afrika Bambaataa
"I'm perfectly happy doing nothing. I'll hang around the house and take the dog to the park." -Jorge Garcia
"If it were possible to have a life absolutely free from every feeling of sin, what a terrifying vacuum it would be." -Cesare Pavese
"The most exhausting thing in life is being insincere." -Anne Morrow Lindbergh
"I'm not an awards-driven person in anything. Anytime you do get caught up in that, you usually end up getting whacked." -Alec Baldwin
"Whatever you're selling, storage or networking or security, you're going head to head with the incumbent players." -Marc Andreesen
"When I retire I'm gonna bet on Wolves drawing every game. I'll be a multi-millionaire!" -Paul Ince
"Art resides in the quality of doing, process is not magic." -Charles Eames
"I love going to see the theatre whether it's a Broadway play or a Russian ballet company." -Michael Ealy
"I love making scary faces, that's just how I grew up." -Rick Baker
"There are two kinds of taste, the taste for emotions of surprise and the taste for emotions of recognition." -Henry James
"My discrepancy with children in the industry is that they are made famous before they know who they are as human beings." -Corey Feldman
"The idea that religion and politics don't mix was invented by the Devil to keep Christians from running their own country." -Jerry Falwell
"A part of kindness consists in loving people more than they deserve." -Joseph Joubert
"You could have a hit in California that no one had heard of in Oklahoma." -Wanda Jackson
"I had the notion that I wanted to write the great dirty American novel, so I went to Roanoke College on the GI Bill." -Tom T. Hall
"To be is to do." -Immanuel Kant
"I've always been loud." -Pauly D
"It's a staggering transition for high school students that found they could study five hours a week and make As and Bs." -John W. Gardner
"I don't even know how many times I auditioned for Danny Zuko in 'Grease.'" -Scott Bakula
"Teamwork makes the dream work, but a vision becomes a nightmare when the leader has a big dream and a bad team." -John C. Maxwell
"If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. Instead make your work more pleasurable." -Donald Trump
"It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men." -Frederick Douglass
"Humor is an affirmation of dignity, a declaration of man's superiority to all that befalls him." -Romain Gary
"Genius is the ability to renew one's emotions in daily experience." -Paul Cezanne
"Even a true artist does not always produce art." -Carroll O'Connor
"I can't remember ever staying for the end of a movie in which the actors wore togas." -Jimmy Cannon
"The government never does anything successfully." -Michael Badnarik
"Most people have never learned that one of the main aims in life is to enjoy it." -Samuel Butler
"If you obey all the rules you miss all the fun." -Katharine Hepburn
"No amount of humanitarian assistance can protect people from being attacked." -Jan Egeland
"Study nature, love nature, stay close to nature. It will never fail you." -Frank Lloyd Wright
"I want to produce a country album for a country singer." -B.o.B
"One touch of nature makes the whole world kin." -William Shakespeare
"Accuracy is the twin brother of honesty; inaccuracy, of dishonesty." -Nathaniel Hawthorne
"Everyone looks so much better when they smile." -Jimmy Fallon
"It is a wise man who knows where courage ends and stupidity begins." -Jerome Cady
"So it's really nice after about a year and a half to get back on stage and flex those old muscles." -Michael C. Hall
"Trust me that as I ignore all law to help the slave, so will I ignore it all to protect an enslaved woman." -Susan B. Anthony
"It was a total accident that I walked into my 'Super 8' audition looking exactly right for the part." -Ron Eldard
"He's written some great songs. I thought that 'Blues Man' was a perfect song for me to do as a tribute." -Alan Jackson
"We may have bad weather in Ireland, but the sun shines in the hearts of the people and that keeps us all warm." -Marianne Williamson
"When in doubt, throw it out." -Jeremy Jackson
"Only do what your heart tells you." -Princess Diana
"A great thing can only be done by a great person; and they do it without effort." -John Ruskin
"I don't trawl record shops anymore. I usually hear music in bars or at friends' houses." -Andrew Eldritch
"Genius is eternal patience." -Michelangelo
"Anything worth doing is worth doing slowly." -Mae West
"Cleaning your house while your kids are still growing up is like shoveling the walk before it stops snowing." -Phyllis Diller
"A tavern is a place where madness is sold by the bottle." -Jonathan Swift
"What fascinated me, it was not the glory, but the contact with the public." -Jacky Ickx
"The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love." -Hubert H. Humphrey
"Frisbeetarianism is the belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck." -George Carlin
"My wife's jealousy is getting ridiculous. The other day she looked at my calendar and wanted to know who May was." -Rodney Dangerfield
"Our most intimate friend is not he to whom we show the worst, but the best of our nature." -Nathaniel Hawthorne
"I'd say if you live in the United States of America and you vote for George Bush, you've lost your mind." -John Edwards
"Love is a promise delivered already broken." -Steve Martin
"I don't have any big regrets." -Simon Callow
"I did not do anything wrong as a governor, even if you accept the verdict as it is, it doesn't indicate that." -Edwin Edwards
"The mathematics is not there till we put it there." -Arthur Eddington
"Justice is the insurance which we have on our lives and property. Obedience is the premium which we pay for it." -William Penn
"As a teacher you are more or less obliged to pay the same amount of attention to everything. That can wear you down." -Marilyn Hacker
"You may call God love, you may call God goodness. But the best name for God is compassion." -Meister Eckhart
"Forgotten is forgiven." -F. Scott Fitzgerald
"I'm one of the most sensitive human beings on Earth - and I know it." -Jean-Claude Van Damme
"I love essays, but they're not always the best way to communicate to a larger audience." -Chris Abani
"Every Christian will allow that sin is an evil, and that it is our duty not to commit sin." -John Nelson Darby
"Nature is a machine. The family is a machine. The life cycle is like a machine." -Ray Dalio
"If things don't go fantastically, you just have to deal with it." -Anton du Beke
"It surprises me how much children like me, you know? If they look at me as an example, I have a big responsibility." -Mario Balotelli
"I hated the ballet, but I liked performing. I did 20 shows, and I couldn't get the smile off my face." -Ansel Elgort
"People who know me, love me. People who don't know me love me too... or they hate me." -Mario Balotelli
"I feel like I'm a very good role model for women." -Blu Cantrell
"I don't care what people say. My music's, my music." -Enrique Iglesias
"The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough." -Rabindranath Tagore
"A bachelor's life is a fine breakfast, a flat lunch, and a miserable dinner." -Francis Bacon
"He who fears to weep, should learn to be kind to those who weep." -Abu Bakr
"I knew I was an unwanted baby when I saw that my bath toys were a toaster and a radio." -Joan Rivers
"Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second." -William James
"Well folks, that's about it for the show tonight." -John Fahey
"His head is made of stars, but not yet arranged into constellations." -Elias Canetti
"Motherhood is priced Of God, at price no man may dare To lessen or misunderstand." -Helen Hunt Jackson
"What opera isn't violent? Two things happen, violence and love. And other than that, name something else. You can't." -Cab Calloway
"He who attends to his greater self becomes a great man, and he who attends to his smaller self becomes a small man." -Mencius
"To do a dull thing with style-now that's what I call art." -Charles Bukowski
"Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable." -Denis Waitley
"Times have not become more violent. They have just become more televised." -Marilyn Manson
"Britain is characterized not just by its independence but, above all, by its openness." -David Cameron
"Whenever you do a thing, act as if all the world were watching." -Thomas Jefferson
"Dealing with backstabbers, there was one thing I learned. They're only powerful when you got your back turned." -Eminem
"When so many are lonely as seem to be lonely, it would be inexcusably selfish to be lonely alone." -Tennessee Williams
"I wasn't really qualified to be on Saturday Night Live - I'm not like an impressionist or anything." -Victoria Jackson
"I have a following. Whenever I am on tour they come. It is always sold out." -Nina Hagen
"It's odd being an American now. Most of us are peaceful, but here we are again, in our fifth major war of this century." -Pete Hamill
"My view of the afterlife is that it's made of different levels, depending on how spiritual a life we live." -John Edward
"You are responsible, forever, for what you have tamed. You are responsible for your rose." -Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"A friend who is near and dear may in time become as useless as a relative." -George Ade
"It is not easy to do something good, but it is extremely difficult to do something bad." -Charles Eames
"I think acting is a gift." -Jonathan Jackson
"Courage consists not in hazarding without fear; but being resolutely minded in a just cause." -Plutarch
"I would like to be Maria, but there is La Callas who demands that I carry myself with her dignity." -Maria Callas
"Well, football is a hard game; there's no denying it. It's a game that can bring out the worst in you, at times." -Alex Ferguson
"Laws against homosexual behavior should remain on the books." -Orson Scott Card
"People have always said I have an old soul, and all my best friends are 10 to 15 years my senior." -Nick Cannon
"I am sure that I have been much more useful to society as a medical physicist." -John Cameron
"Real progress comes from people." -Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj
"Look, all you can do when you find your niche is go with it." -Vincent D'Onofrio
"Aerodynamics are for people who can't build engines." -Enzo Ferrari
"Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships." -Michael Jordan
"I heard the old, old, men say 'all that's beautiful drifts away, like the waters.'" -William Butler Yeats
"I'm just drawing it now. It's totally revolting. I'm sure you'll love it." -Eddie Campbell
"Comedy is a great weapon of attack. It's not a great weapon of support." -Eddie Izzard
"I was born in London and raised in Rome until I was 4. Then we went back to London, where I went to school." -Naomi Campbell
"Luck is not something you can mention in the presence of self-made men." -E. B. White
"We're betting, at this place and this time, we have people ready for change in the state of Maryland." -Bob Ehrlich
"If it's not growing, it's going to die." -Michael Eisner
"If the misery of the poor be caused not by the laws of nature, but by our institutions, great is our sin." -Charles Darwin
"When I was growing up, the men in my life were abusive; women were the ones I ran to for comfort." -Kevyn Aucoin
"Allow the world to live as it chooses, and allow yourself to live as you choose." -Richard Bach
"I love the feeling of being on a team, rehearsing together, sharing a dressing room - I love that so much." -Jennifer Garner
"Well, the music industry is littered with actors who belatedly came to singing." -Jeff Daniels
"I don't like stereotypes - no kind of stereotypes." -Michelle Bachelet
"There is one thing you have got to learn about our movement. Three people are better than no people." -Fannie Lou Hamer
"I don't want people to think they have to like me because I'm on TV every other minute." -Katy B
"I'm a crap guitarist and I find it really hard writing on my own." -Siobhan Fahey
"If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten." -Tony Robbins
"I have the time needed to support the album and tour." -Aaliyah
"You cannot open a book without learning something." -Confucius
"We need more kindness, more compassion, more joy, more laughter. I definitely want to contribute to that." -Ellen DeGeneres
"My only fault is that I don't realize how great I really am." -Muhammad Ali
"I read a lot of heavy literature when I'm on set, so on holiday I want to indulge in something light-hearted." -Hayley Atwell
"I value my anonymity. I'm happy to come in on the tube or the train and watch other people reading 'Fifty Shades.'" -E. L. James
"All art is autobiographical. The pearl is the oyster's autobiography." -Federico Fellini
"We cannot waste time. We can only waste ourselves." -George Matthew Adams
"One of the luckiest things that can happen to you in life is, I think, to have a happy childhood." -Agatha Christie
"I think any show after the Super Bowl will have huge numbers." -Randy Jackson
"The world's biggest power is the youth and beauty of a woman." -Chanakya
"I always prefer to believe the best of everybody, it saves so much trouble." -Rudyard Kipling
"I'm living my dream now." -Chris Daughtry
"When children have grieving parents it's also common for them to feel an obligation to cheer them up and make them happy." -Simon Callow
"This is going right to the police. So, it's a very dangerous precedent." -Floyd Abrams
"In this sport luck and tragedy are only a few hundredths of seconds apart from each other." -Jacky Ickx
"Jimi was a good guy 'til he got into drugs. That's the way it is. I just tell it like it is." -Dick Dale
"When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece." -John Ruskin
"Oh, I was never a businessman. I was a visionary, a dreamer." -Jim Bakker
"I took a gamble to exercise leadership without losing my feminine nature." -Michelle Bachelet
"The whole global warming thing is created to destroy America's free enterprise system and our economic stability." -Jerry Falwell
"Once you label me you negate me." -Soren Kierkegaard
"My rackets are run on strictly American lines and they're going to stay that way." -Al Capone
"I'm not a very good advertisement for the American school system." -David Brinkley
"I'm a bit of a control freak." -E. L. James
"There is no friend as loyal as a book." -Ernest Hemingway
"You don't get paid for the hour. You get paid for the value you bring to the hour." -Jim Rohn
"I think love's exciting and happy, as well as being able to make you sad." -Billy Idol
"Wealth flows from energy and ideas." -William Feather
"I have some of the old videos of my performances on it." -Wanda Jackson
"When you combine ignorance and leverage, you get some pretty interesting results." -Warren Buffett
"No matter how busy you are, you must take time to make the other person feel important." -Mary Kay Ash
"If you can dream it, you can do it." -Enzo Ferrari
"My wife has her stuff and her taste, and I have my stuff and my taste." -Peter Eisenman
"I was always interested in law at school; it was a great outlet to argue but not make anyone angry!" -Sasha Jackson
"Justice? You get justice in the next world, in this world you have the law." -William Gaddis
"The whole American pop culture started in Philadelphia with 'American Bandstand' and the music that came out of that city." -Daryl Hall
"We must do a better job of educating all drivers to be safer on the road." -Johnny Isakson
"I love stories - devising them, writing them, reading them, watching them, being a part of them." -Neil Jackson
"I don't enjoy British shows as a rule because British audiences are strange." -Andrew Eldritch
"The tires were scorching hot, in fact I burned my fingers on one." -Malcolm Campbell
"A dimple on the chin, the devil within." -Pope Paul VI
"I love what I do and I love the fans." -George Eads
"I trust people too much, and the other tragedy is I can't say no." -Farooq Abdullah
"Fan the sinking flame of hilarity with the wing of friendship; and pass the rosy wine." -Charles Dickens
"A woman's body is her body and what she wears or does not wear is her choice. Get over it and move on." -Randa Abdel-Fattah
"No pen, no ink, no table, no room, no time, no quiet, no inclination." -James Joyce
"When I was 25, Abba was formed. After Abba I made three solo albums. Maybe I have been productive enough." -Agnetha Faltskog
"When you battle Nancy Pelosi as much as I have, you're bound to get a few wrinkles." -Ralph Hall
"I would be ready to become a dad if I was with the right person. I'd like a boy, though. Because they're in charge." -Mario Balotelli
"I want kids to enjoy skating and I think it's a great workout." -Oksana Baiul
"War remains the decisive human failure." -John Kenneth Galbraith
"I wanted the songs to be themselves, instead of worrying about all this crazy slickster production." -Ryan Cabrera
"I'm honest about the journey I've been on, so I definitely don't take dating lightly anymore." -Demi Lovato
"An egg white omelet with vegetables is one of my favorite breakfasts." -Gabriela Isler
"Except our own thoughts, there is nothing absolutely in our power." -Rene Descartes
"Chance has never yet satisfied the hope of a suffering people." -Marcus Garvey
"Resist your fear; fear will never lead to you a positive end. Go for your faith and what you believe." -T. D. Jakes
"Nobody is bored when he is trying to make something that is beautiful or to discover something that is true." -William Ralph Inge
"The jam is moving toward the Capitol where Congress sits in judgment on all the administrative agencies of Government." -Grace Abbott
"To do or not to do... that is the question." -Jeff Rich
"I don't care what other people think any more about me writing my own parts." -Mark Gatiss
"With my child, I hardly watch TV now." -Lindsay Davenport
"Here Fashion is a despot, and no one dreams of evading its dictates." -Marguerite Gardiner
"Self-worth comes from one thing - thinking that you are worthy." -Wayne Dyer
"Nobody inspired me more than Julie Andrews, who is a classically trained soprano herself." -Lesley Garrett
"Real men change diapers!" -Nick Cannon
"Spoon the sauce over the ice cream. It will harden. This is what you have been working for." -Nicholson Baker
"On cable now, the writer is king. Any actor chases that." -Jeff Daniels
"You don't make houses cheaper by making them more expensive to build." -Ted Baillieu
"'Little Miss Sunshine' was really important to me." -Paul Dano
"Women work as much as men now, if not more. There's a resurgence of dads in the home and moms working." -Morena Baccarin
"I am the original... Those are my disciples." -Michael Irvin
"My top priority for 2012 will be to make a renewed push for women's economic empowerment and political participation." -Michelle Bachelet
"You must recognize that the way to get the good out of your brother and your sister is not to return evil for evil." -Louis Farrakhan
"I wouldn't say that there's ever been an Olympic champion that didn't deserve to win an Olympic Gold Medal." -Dorothy Hamill
"Where there is devotional music, God is always at hand with His gracious presence." -Johann Sebastian Bach
"I've always found it easier to be funny than to be serious." -Molly Ivins
"Gospel is just the truth of the word of God. Anybody can sing it, anybody; anybody can perform it." -Yolanda Adams
"Well, I can't remember not being able to read. I was told I could read by myself very well at the age of three." -Diana Gabaldon
"I would like to restore your right to drink raw milk anytime you like." -Ron Paul
"I am at heart a gentleman." -Marlene Dietrich
"Acting is just common sense. It isn't hard if you put yourself aside and just do what the writer wrote." -James Garner
"Legends die hard. They survive as truth rarely does." -Helen Hayes
"I wish I could set deadlines for the Congress, but that's just not the way the Constitution is written." -Robert M. Gates
"When I graduated from college I didn't want to play in the AFL." -Jeff Garcia
"Learn as much by writing as by reading." -Lord Acton
"Poetry is an echo, asking a shadow to dance." -Carl Sandburg
"The biggest guru-mantra is: never share your secrets with anybody. It will destroy you." -Chanakya
"No man can resolve himself into Heaven." -Dwight L. Moody
"Collecting more taxes than is absolutely necessary is legalized robbery." -Calvin Coolidge
"Nothing is true, everything is permitted." -William S. Burroughs
"Dreams are necessary to life." -Anais Nin
"I listen to music for emotion and I get zero emotion from rap." -Sebastian Bach
"When you're not concerned with succeeding, you can work with complete freedom." -Larry David
"Deficits must be cut, yes, but the rush to austerity risks undermining the fragile global recovery." -Alistair Darling
"A waffle is like a pancake with a syrup trap." -Mitch Hedberg
"Buzz and the right publicist are not only important but crucial in show business." -Halston
"Friendships are forgotten when the game begins." -Alvin Dark
"We have not the time to take our time." -Eugene Ionesco
"You have to change the set, stay ahead of the curve." -Carson Daly
"The first duty of love is to listen." -Paul Tillich
"Blues ain't never going anywhere. It can get slow, but it ain't going nowhere." -David Edwards
"I've been trying to pick up painting but it's hard." -George Eads
"I hate bridges. I'm always very insecure on bridges." -Alber Elbaz
"Every silver lining has a cloud." -Mary Kay Ash
"When we separate music from life we get art." -John Cage
"Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known." -Carl Sagan
"People are so opinionated about things, and they don't even know what they're talking about, or can't even do it themselves." -Ryan Cabrera
"To live alone is the fate of all great souls." -Arthur Schopenhauer
"A created thing is never invented and it is never true: it is always and ever itself." -Federico Fellini
"He who opens a school door, closes a prison." -Victor Hugo
"Usually I play the bad guy role, a terrorist or someone." -Sayed Badreya
"The atom bomb was no 'great decision.' It was merely another powerful weapon in the arsenal of righteousness." -Harry S Truman
"We lack role models who can inspire our young people to make change." -Emmanuel Jal
"Communities don't have rights. Only individuals in the community have rights." -Michael Badnarik
"For me, it was more a dramatic shift to go from the stage to the screen." -Michael C. Hall
"Oasis can't be summed up in one word. I could do a sentence: Boys from council estate made it very, very big." -Noel Gallagher
"Some people like you, some people don't. In the end you just have to be yourself." -Andres Iniesta
"The New England conscience doesn't keep you from doing what you shouldn't - it just keeps you from enjoying it." -Isaac Bashevis Singer
"Procrastination is opportunity's assassin." -Victor Kiam
"I'm a blind optimist when going into things." -Eric Fellner
"Concentrate on your job and you will forget your other troubles." -William Feather
"Love will find a way through paths where wolves fear to prey." -Lord Byron
"Someone has to stand up for wimps." -Barbara Ehrenreich
"I don't need YouTube's money. I have my own money." -Jason Calacanis
"The moment you say, 'Please, give me a reason for this', then you are being impossible and temperamental." -Montserrat Caballe
"Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present." -Jim Rohn
"What I promise to my actors, and to my director, is to give them the salary and everything they need." -Jean-Claude Van Damme
"But now I wish I could back to Stockholm to make international films there." -Lasse Hallstrom
"I watched my daddy play that guitar, and whenever I could, I would pick it up and strum on it." -David Edwards
"So the name of a group has to say something. The name has to be strong." -Jim Capaldi
"I love 'Glee.'" -Cheyenne Jackson
"Twelve significant photographs in any one year is a good crop." -Ansel Adams
"I've been playing music since I was 12. I love performing live." -Jonathan Jackson
"I want to be the Bob DeNiro of the Jurassic." -Robert T. Bakker
"Home is the dearest spot on earth, and it should be the centre, but not the boundary, of the affections." -Mary Baker Eddy
"I've always felt that music is an art form that deserves to live the life of the artist." -Roger Daltrey
"Run away from laziness; work hard. Touch intuition and listen to the heart, not marketing directors. Dream." -Alber Elbaz
"I thought I was going to be like Kevin Spacey in college." -Billy Eichner
"Expectation is the mother of all frustration." -Antonio Banderas
"I have a respect for manners as such, they are a way of dealing with people you don't agree with or like." -Margaret Mead
"Loneliness and the feeling of being unwanted is the most terrible poverty." -Mother Teresa
"Bravery never goes out of fashion." -William Makepeace Thackeray
"I really wanted to be veterinarian, but I got a 410 on my math SATs." -Meg Cabot
"I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination." -Jimmy Dean
"Once you're on the set and shooting, it's all just cinema. You have actors and cameras." -Philippe Falardeau
"I had my success too soon. Three books published with Scribner's in New York before I was 30." -Morley Callaghan
"Jeanne Moreau, Lauren Bacall, they had this unconventional beauty, this amazing charisma." -Josephine de La Baume
"People tend to forget their duties but remember their rights." -Indira Gandhi
"I cook every day. If I don't cook, they don't eat. Who's going to do it? I'm their mother!" -Jennie Garth
"The only thing we know about the future is that it will be different." -Peter Drucker
"If history were taught in the form of stories, it would never be forgotten." -Rudyard Kipling
"Little League baseball is a very good thing because it keeps the parents off the streets." -Yogi Berra
"Before I could talk, I would try to sing." -Linda Cardellini
"Be yourself, let you come through." -Jonathan Davis
"I'm happily single." -Paula Abdul
"Misery is almost always the result of thinking." -Joseph Joubert
"A man is not finished when he is defeated. He is finished when he quits." -Richard M. Nixon
"I was quite a reader before I became a writer." -Tom T. Hall
"Gossip is nature's telephone." -Sholom Aleichem
"There have been times in my life that I've had a ton of vices, and my demons have run amok for years and years and years." -Ron White
"I was raised to believe that excellence is the best deterrent to racism or sexism. And that's how I operate my life." -Oprah Winfrey
"I can play every instrument there is, every horn, I've played all the saxes and trumpets and everything and keyboards." -Dick Dale
"Men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all the other alternatives." -Abba Eban
"I don't think that theater is the higher medium, that it's better than film." -Rebecca Hall
"To me, every hour of the day and night is an unspeakably perfect miracle." -Walt Whitman
"If you do not love me I shall not be loved If I do not love you I shall not love." -Samuel Beckett
"Immature poets imitate; mature poets steal." -T. S. Eliot
"It's completely different to work with a woman that is my age, maybe younger." -Sherilyn Fenn
"Any supervisor worth his salt would rather deal with people who attempt too much than with those who try too little." -Lee Iacocca
"I don't wear plaid shirts." -Larry Gagosian
"True love stories never have endings." -Richard Bach
"Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." -Dalai Lama
"World's use is cold, world's love is vain, world's cruelty is bitter bane; but is not the fruit of pain." -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
"One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors." -Plato
"Hope, like faith, is nothing if it is not courageous; it is nothing if it is not ridiculous." -Thornton Wilder
"It's fun to play people who are flawed." -Brad Garrett
"You have film actors doing TV, rap stars doing TV, with everyone kind of crossing the line." -Anthony Michael Hall
"I know that you have to be reserved about certain things in your life." -Janina Gavankar
"Positive anything is better than negative nothing." -Elbert Hubbard
"Cultivation to the mind is as necessary as food to the body." -Marcus Tullius Cicero
"Words, without power, is mere philosophy." -Muhammad Iqbal
"It is not often that someone comes along who is a true friend and a good writer." -E. B. White
"Obviously for some people there is a big connection between music and the way you can create a space." -Zaha Hadid
"The Rockwell magazine cover was more a part of the American reality than a record of it." -Arthur C. Danto
"A lot of dreams can turn to nightmares... if you don't really work them." -Dolly Parton
"Violence isn't always evil. What's evil is the infatuation with violence." -Jim Morrison
"When I emerge from filming I feel slightly out of synch with real life, but it's also a relief." -Laura Carmichael
"I love Motown, but I've obviously always been more of a Memphis soul fan. If it's Stax or Motown, I go Stax." -Justin Townes Earle
"I left my mark on 'Dark Shadows.' One day I was doing my lines perfectly from Act 3. Everyone else was doing Act 2." -Kate Jackson
"Castles in the air - they are so easy to take refuge in. And so easy to build too." -Henrik Ibsen
"Ninety-five percent of our wool is going to China." -Jim Elliot
"It took years, honestly, to deal with the disappointment of Beijing." -Ryan Hall
"I think Tilda Swinton is terribly interesting. I think she's fascinating. I love her work." -Sarah Gadon
"The great function of poetry is to give back to us the situations of our dreams." -Gaston Bachelard
"It is always wise to look ahead, but difficult to look further than you can see." -Winston Churchill
"Of all acts of man repentance is the most divine. The greatest of all faults is to be conscious of none." -Thomas Carlyle
"The long days are no happier than the short ones." -Philip James Bailey
"Herbalife: the customers are fictitious, the business opportunity is a scam, the university degree is a fraud." -Bill Ackman
"The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits." -Albert Einstein
"How can I be a folk? I'm from the suburbs you know." -John Fahey
"Disagreements are one of the fundamental positive aspects of science." -Anthony Fauci
"You can turn painful situations around through laughter. If you can find humor in anything, even poverty, you can survive it." -Bill Cosby
"Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances." -Thomas Jefferson
"The lifelong goal of an improviser is to listen to what the other person is saying, taking it in, and responding." -Ali Farahnakian
"I'm a competitor." -Donovan Bailey
"The music is the main thing and it's just as easy to write acceptable words." -Bill Haley
"Perhaps our own opposition to even the level of European integration we have now, let alone any more, is well known." -Nigel Farage
"I recommend that the Statue of Liberty be supplemented by a Statue of Responsibility on the west coast." -Viktor E. Frankl
"The future of that ancient chamber remains in considerable doubt." -Robert A. Dahl
"I'd rather betray the world than let the world betray me." -Cao Cao
"We won't have a society if we destroy the environment." -Margaret Mead
"Money, like vodka, turns a person into an eccentric." -Anton Chekhov
"Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings." -Salvador Dali
"I escaped one time. In 1971 I was in the free world for six weeks." -Jack Henry Abbott
"People aren't really aware of what's happening in other places." -Edwidge Danticat
"Cultivate your curves - they may be dangerous but they won't be avoided." -Mae West
"I know a lot about cars, man. I can look at any car's headlights and tell you exactly which way it's coming." -Mitch Hedberg
"Find out what the other team wants to do. Then take it away from them." -George Halas
"Time has nothing to do with the gifts that the gods give you; it's what you do." -Anita Baker
"I want a man who's kind and understanding. Is that too much to ask of a millionaire?" -Zsa Zsa Gabor
"I swing between procrastination and being really thorough so either way things aren't getting done quickly." -Freema Agyeman
"We grew up in a very strange world, because my mother was up against it all when she had three black children." -Jaye Davidson
"Linux is a cancer that attaches itself in an intellectual property sense to everything it touches." -Steve Ballmer
"We know when children have a place to play they live healthier, happier lives." -Darell Hammond
"For all of those willing to help me start a family, I am flattered. I will let you know when I need your help." -Paula Abdul
"I won't mention names, but in my career, the most talented people invariably are the easiest and nicest to get along with." -James Caan
"People are usually afraid to say what's on their mind." -Donald Fagen
"All I have is the truth, and I've proven that." -Jose Canseco
"Greenlanders' heart is the environment. You can't sell your heart for oil." -Aleqa Hammond
"To be able to look back upon one's past life with satisfaction is to live twice." -Lord Acton
"I've always been obsessed with Audrey Hepburn." -Amy Acker
"The pain of parting is nothing to the joy of meeting again." -Charles Dickens
"I always get scared. I can't read scripts. I'm scared, scary movies and stuff." -Vanessa Ferlito
"I was spoiled by theater, where there is no editor." -Anthony Edwards
"I think that that integrity is something that is important to voters." -Tammy Baldwin
"The more we can grow on already cultivated land, the better." -Nina Fedoroff
"But always I regarded myself as one who was born in Jerusalem." -Shmuel Yosef Agnon
"For happiness one needs security, but joy can spring like a flower even from the cliffs of despair." -Anne Morrow Lindbergh
"Don't tell me the moon is shining; show me the glint of light on broken glass." -Anton Chekhov
"We know that there are various activities important to the insurgents in Iraq that are occurring in Syria." -Douglas Feith
"Adventure travel existed before I started, I just didn't know it." -Tim Cahill
"It's beneficial to play against your type; to be chameleon-like." -Laura Carmichael
"The first and worst of all frauds is to cheat oneself." -Gamaliel Bailey
"I'm always trying to push for women's rights." -Kate del Castillo
"I'm a DJ, but I'm also a ridiculously high-grossing musician due to doing productions." -Afrojack
"I am the greatest, I said that even before I knew I was." -Muhammad Ali
"But Sergio Leone invented totally the way of, you know, the details, the eyes, the hands - fantastic." -Claudia Cardinale
"Of all of our inventions for mass communication, pictures still speak the most universally understood language." -Walt Disney
"He who is reluctant to recognize me opposes me." -Frantz Fanon
"Only the educated are free." -Epictetus
"I don't dislike anybody. I love everybody." -T. D. Jakes
"To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence." -Mark Twain
"The universe is a big place, perhaps the biggest." -Kurt Vonnegut
"Effort is only effort when it begins to hurt." -Jose Ortega y Gasset
"Custom, that unwritten law, By which the people keep even kings in awe." -Charles Davenport
"Every moment of resistance to temptation is a victory." -Frederick William Faber
"You wanna get the truth out of me, get me hammered." -Ron White
"Making the playoffs three consecutive seasons is a great accomplishment." -Pau Gasol
"They disallowed this and disallowed that, and now I can't even get my head above water!" -Bud Abbott
"It is a great piece of skill to know how to guide your luck even while waiting for it." -Baltasar Gracian
"I think it's always funny when somebody thinks you're going to do something super sexy and then you don't." -Olivia Munn
"In the beginning of my career, all I did was drama, and I couldn't get arrested doing comedy; nobody would hire me!" -Tisha Campbell-Martin
"I'm never going to be in danger of getting the Nobel Prize for literature." -David Eddings
"I'm fed up with being bossed around." -David Hockney
"Friendship is inexplicable, it should not be explained if one doesn't want to kill it." -Max Jacob
"What is my loftiest ambition? I've always wanted to throw an egg at an electric fan." -Oliver Herford
"Your past is not your potential. In any hour you can choose to liberate the future." -Marilyn Ferguson
"War can be avoided, and it ought to be avoided. I want no war." -Chief Joseph
"Only the weak are cruel. Gentleness can only be expected from the strong." -Leo Buscaglia
"People feel like they know me from the work I have done, but it's not me." -Michael C. Hall
"An ambassador is not simply an agent; he is also a spectacle." -Walter Bagehot
"Well, you know, for me, I think Spanish food is festive." -Jose Garces
"He who seeks does not find, but he who does not seek will be found." -Franz Kafka
"Failure is unimportant. It takes courage to make a fool of yourself." -Charlie Chaplin
"It's how I express myself - through storytelling and characters. They often reveal very intimate, vulnerable sides of myself." -Alexia Fast
"I love musical theatre because I love doing a live performance eight times a week." -Gareth Gates
"Many of the best firms historically in venture capital have been multi-sector." -Marc Andreesen
"I write music because I love it. Sometimes more than anything in the world." -Ansel Elgort
"We need to have as broad a range as possible, because life itself has that kind of range." -John Eaton
"Take care of all your memories. For you cannot relive them." -Bob Dylan
"Gay marriage acceptance is happening in the blink of an eye." -P. J. O'Rourke
"Remember, either you control your money or it will control you." -T. Harv Eker
"History is the sum total of things that could have been avoided." -Konrad Adenauer
"I just want to make people smile." -Julie Garwood
"To think is to differ." -Clarence Darrow
"I didn't want my kids having to pass through an airport named after their father." -Peter Jackson
"We've gotta guarantee all of our kids an education." -Geoffrey Canada
"To be rude to someone is not my nature." -Farrah Fawcett
"I never imagined being able to make money from acting - and now I can." -Anna Faris
"My show business career doesn't mean I can't write a symphony. It just means I was never asked to write one." -Marvin Hamlisch
"You know I want to sing for people, I want to jazz people up I want to make new music that they've never heard." -Casey Abrams
"My parents encouraged me in everything I ever wanted to do." -Charles Kuralt
"I grew a love for helpless, defenseless things. People would give me lions and jaguars. I had cheetahs, monkeys." -Dick Dale
"We clearly need to break our addiction on Saudi Arabian oil that is a security threat to the United States." -Jay Inslee
"Napster works because people who love music share and participate." -Shawn Fanning
"I want to reclaim who I am." -Elizabeth Edwards
"We all need to slow down and go to acupuncture." -Tamara Ecclestone
"And when power ballads come back, we'll get big hair again." -Jerry Cantrell
"We do not have a money problem in America. We have a values and priorities problem." -Marian Wright Edelman
"I have no grand scheme." -Dave Attell
"No protracted war can fail to endanger the freedom of a democratic country." -Alexis de Tocqueville
"People who work together will win, whether it be against complex football defenses, or the problems of modern society." -Vince Lombardi
"Here I am at the end of the road and at the top of the heap." -Pope John XXIII
"I've always been so surprised by how people interpret my photos in context." -JR
"Sentimentality about nature denatures everything it touches." -Jane Jacobs
"It is wrong to assume that men of immense wealth are always happy." -John D. Rockefeller
"In my house, it is always a scramble from paycheck to paycheck." -Tim Cahill
"I damaged my Achilles tendon, so I can't run." -Jason Isaacs
"When I was growing up, I installed refrigerators in supermarkets. My father was an electrical engineer." -Will Smith
"Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy." -Brian Tracy
"Katie Holmes is really amazing." -Bailee Madison
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely." -P. J. O'Rourke
"Audiences like their blues singers to be miserable." -Janis Joplin
"I couldn't imagine being from a country where all the pressure is on a particular player." -Lindsay Davenport
"When I woke up this morning my girlfriend asked me, 'Did you sleep good?' I said 'No, I made a few mistakes.'" -Steven Wright
"It took me a few years to realize that throwing harder wasn't always better." -Dennis Eckersley
"The only relevant test of the validity of a hypothesis is comparison of prediction with experience." -Milton Friedman
"Faith is not contrary to reason." -Sherwood Eddy
"We are more often frightened than hurt; and we suffer more from imagination than from reality." -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"We're comic. We're all comics. We live in a comic time. And the worse it gets the more comic we are." -William Gaddis
"Eventually, I want to be a creative producer that isn't in things. The acting is more of a secondary thing for me now." -Jason Gann
"I always see those jeans with the stretchy front on pregnant women, and they look like the dreamiest thing ever." -Georgia May Jagger
"I always thought I was sort of awkward and goofy-looking. I'm still kind of gangly." -Troy Garity
"Horsemeat in many European and Asian countries is consumed as a delicacy." -Elton Gallegly
"All actors have to change their name." -Jeremy Irvine
"If I'd been easily discouraged, I could have been a one-hit wonder." -Laurell K. Hamilton
"Surrealism is destructive, but it destroys only what it considers to be shackles limiting our vision." -Salvador Dali
"There's no rules. Show me the rule book." -Liam Gallagher
"Disco dancing is just the steady thump of a giant moron knocking in an endless nail." -Clive James
"I was what they call 'skinny fat' - a body that resembled a python after swallowing a goat." -A. J. Jacobs
"Adventure is worthwhile." -Aesop
"I think all the stuff that happens before the pictures are taken is much more exciting." -Georgia Jagger
"The wise make proverbs, and fools repeat them." -Isaac D'Israeli
"What I really like doing is taking risks, musically." -Casey Abrams
"I care about cinema even though I haven't made many films." -Leos Carax
"It was impossible to get a conversation going, everybody was talking too much." -Yogi Berra
"No word is absolutely wrong or dirty or insulting. It all depends upon context and intention." -Janet Jackson
"Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent." -Victor Hugo
"To those leaning on the sustaining infinite, today is big with blessings." -Mary Baker Eddy
"I do have a lot of Australian friends." -Simon Baker
"It took me about 12 years to reach my million-word mark. The challenge now is to continue to challenge myself." -Lynn Abbey
"Weather forecast for tonight: dark." -George Carlin
"Hollywood is where they shoot too many pictures and not enough actors." -Walter Winchell
"Some have greatness thrust upon them, but not lately." -Frank Dane
"Give a girl the right shoes, and she can conquer the world." -Marilyn Monroe
"The sea hath fish for every man." -William Camden
"Scales played in the correct musical way are very exciting and rewarding." -James Galway
"Music critics are part of the world, and I am part of the world." -Chuck Eddy
"Just because I worked in fashion doesn't mean I didn't go to see 'Underworld' three times!" -Melissa de la Cruz
"Chicago's buoy was a couple of hundred yards astern of Arizona, and I was saddened to look at her." -Jack Adams
"Whenever two good people argue over principles, they are both right." -Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
"Don't let the fear of striking out hold you back." -Babe Ruth
"My father was a statesman, I am a political woman. My father was a saint. I am not." -Indira Gandhi
"Stay hungry, stay foolish." -Steve Jobs
"To be realistic today is to be visionary. To be realistic is to be starry-eyed." -Hubert H. Humphrey
"Tolerance is the value that was selected to put on here, and tolerance is as American as apple pie." -Jay Inslee
"The essence of mathematics lies in its freedom." -Georg Cantor
"Deciding on when to kick is crucial and depends on how the race is unfolding." -Michael East
"I'm not going to stop beating up on the unions." -Nikki Haley
"Personally I just want to win a championship." -Allen Iverson
"I grew up in Europe, where the history comes from." -Eddie Izzard
"I think Uma Thurman is one of God's creatures, one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen." -Joshua Jackson
"Half of architecture students are women, and you see respected, established female architects all the time." -Zaha Hadid
"The men who have succeeded are men who have chosen one line and stuck to it." -Andrew Carnegie
"Early morning cheerfulness can be extremely obnoxious." -William Feather
"Stewardesses are still paid so little that in many cases, new hires qualify for food stamps." -Patricia Ireland
"How strangely will the Tools of a Tyrant pervert the plain Meaning of Words!" -Samuel Adams
"It's unbelievable what one squadron of twelve aircraft did to tip the balance." -Adolf Galland
"I've heard of nothing coming from nothing, but I've never heard of absolutely nothing coming from hard work." -Uzo Aduba
"Those who never retract their opinions love themselves more than they love the truth." -Joseph Joubert
"Just because I won the U.S. Open doesn't mean I'm going to change the way I live." -Angel Cabrera
"If women ran the world we wouldn't have wars, just intense negotiations every 28 days." -Robin Williams
"The more I grow, and the older I get, the more I am enjoying my life and know how precious it really is." -Yolanda Adams
"In tragedy, it's hard to find a good resolution; it's not black and white: it's a big fog of gray." -Paul Dano
"Laughter is not a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is the best ending for one." -Henry Ward Beecher
"I think the scariest person in the world is the person with no sense of humor." -Michael J. Fox
"I do see myself as someone who has a lot of story ideas." -Jill Abramson
"I actually think the deafness makes you see clearer. If you can't hear, you somehow see." -David Hockney
"I'm a cynic about corporate democracy and boards." -Carl Icahn
"Racing amuses me." -Enzo Ferrari
"I spend my days preparing for life, not preparing for death." -Mumia Abu-Jamal
"The last day of your life is still going to be a day." -Abel Ferrara
"I want to get lean and mean, keep it minimalist." -John Cale
"Is it right to shoot the poor prostitute or a woman who is unfaithful to her husband, or a man who loves another man?" -Oriana Fallaci
"I don't mind being stereotyped as angry - it's good to have a job." -Peter Capaldi
"Christmas is a season for kindling the fire for hospitality in the hall, the genial flame of charity in the heart." -Washington Irving
"You have to figure out 'who am I?' 'What do I want to do?' 'What do I want to say?'" -Ryan Eggold
"Youth is the best time to be rich, and the best time to be poor." -Euripides
"In the film business, it's basically honor among thieves." -Abel Ferrara
"The thing about parenting rules is there aren't any. That's what makes it so difficult." -Ewan McGregor
"It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it." -Douglas MacArthur
"My faith guides my life." -Kay Hagan
"Calamity is the perfect glass wherein we truly see and know ourselves." -William Davenant
"Even though I would love a little girl for me, personally, I love being a mom to boys." -Leigh-Allyn Baker
"There's a new television generation coming in every five or 10 years, and the classic stories stand up to being redone." -Rebecca Eaton
"My whole life, I always wanted to be an actor." -Keith David
"Art is magic delivered from the lie of being truth." -Theodor Adorno
"Whoever marries the spirit of this age will find himself a widower in the next." -William Ralph Inge
"Look your best - who said love is blind?" -Mae West
"I never saw anything funnier than Texas politics." -Molly Ivins
"Every time I make a plan, God laughs at me." -Jason Isaacs
"Even my stuntman is old." -James Garner
"Self-confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings." -Samuel Johnson
"Those who do not read criticism will rarely merit to be criticised." -Isaac D'Israeli
"Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love." -Francis of Assisi
"The big tyrants never face justice." -George Galloway
"Guess what, I might be the first hippie pinup girl." -Janis Joplin
"My father has always been the heart of my Penn Cage novels." -Greg Iles
"Power over a man's subsistence is power over his will." -Alexander Hamilton
"I'm about my characters." -Abel Ferrara
"All religions must be tolerated... for every man must get to heaven in his own way." -Epictetus
"I try to stay far away from anything creepy and supernatural. I'd rather not think about it." -Taissa Farmiga
"I'm driven to go out and find new things to write about." -David Baldacci
"One in four of us will have a mental illness at some point. That is a lot of people." -Alastair Campbell
"Men are nearly always willing to believe what they wish." -Julius Caesar
"The abandoned infant's cry is rage, not fear." -Robert Anton Wilson
"Sleep is the best meditation." -Dalai Lama
"There are many ways to be free. One of them is to transcend reality by imagination, as I try to do." -Anais Nin
"The investor of today does not profit from yesterday's growth." -Warren Buffett
"The beginning is the most important part of the work." -Plato
"I'm a very straight-laced, conservative news kind of guy." -Bob Edwards
"My recording career has luckily run the gamut of recording environments." -Matt Cameron
"I can't die but once." -Harriet Tubman
"I usually get my stuff from people who promised somebody else that they would keep it a secret." -Walter Winchell
"Delhi women - they're the most beautiful women! But the fact remains that they know they are gorgeous." -Vir Das
"It is the duty of government to make it difficult for people to do wrong, easy to do right." -William E. Gladstone
"Nobody ever did, or ever will, escape the consequences of his choices." -Alfred A. Montapert
"Perhaps too much of everything is as bad as too little." -Edna Ferber
"All mankind... being all equal and independent, no one ought to harm another in his life, health, liberty or possessions." -John Locke
"When I was a kid, I wanted to be a palaeontologist. I wanted to dig up dinosaurs." -Steven Hall
"The waste basket is the writer's best friend." -Isaac Bashevis Singer
"I really want to love somebody. I do. I just don't know if it's possible forever and ever." -Jim Carrey
"Love is metaphysical gravity." -R. Buckminster Fuller
"You can go lots of places as Gaius Baltar that other people aren't allowed to pursue." -James Callis
"The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination." -Albert Einstein
"If you had a good radio - and everybody did in those days - you could find it." -Georgie Fame
"There is no substitute for victory." -Douglas MacArthur
"If my mother knew I did this for a living, she'd kill me. She thinks I'm selling dope." -Henny Youngman
"I think you can tell the human condition better through comedy." -Hector Elizondo
"Wherever you go, go with all your heart." -Confucius
"I definitely try to mix humour into anything I do, even if it is into a drama." -Jorge Garcia
"I used to wake up in the morning and say, 'Oh, God.' Now I wake up in the morning and look forward to life." -Steven Adler
"How gently rock yon poplars high Against the reach of primrose sky With heaven's pale candles stored." -Jean Ingelow
"To suppress free speech is a double wrong. It violates the rights of the hearer as well as those of the speaker." -Frederick Douglass
"Just play. Have fun. Enjoy the game." -Michael Jordan
"I was 22 years old when I met Robert Johnson. I was there the night he was poisoned." -David Edwards
"I could talk about Blade Runner forever." -Brion James
"It is never very crowded at the front." -Creighton Abrams
"Theater dressing rooms are my home away from home - my second home, really." -Cheyenne Jackson
"The starting point of all achievement is desire." -Napoleon Hill
"I think abortion is murder." -Victoria Jackson
"Cats have a scam going - you buy the food, they eat the food, they go away; that's the deal." -Eddie Izzard
"Unless I'm really uneasy with what I'm writing, I lose interest very quickly." -Paul Haggis
"I was a lieutenant in World War II." -John Eisenhower
"I don't know the true meaning of happiness." -Jonathan Davis
"A minority may be right, and a majority is always wrong." -Henrik Ibsen
"Freedom is control in your own life." -Willie Nelson
"Well, fluffy shirts are, by definition, very comfortable." -Hugh Dancy
"Give me liberty or give me death." -Patrick Henry
"He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot, will be victorious." -Sun Tzu
"Once you lose the weight, you're really anxious to eat healthy." -Etta James
"It's never too late to take your heart health seriously and make it a priority." -Jennie Garth
"If you don't listen, you're never gonna learn." -Frank Iero
"I wasn't interested in novelty. I was looking for good drama." -Tom Baker
"How do you make money? Spinoffs, split-ups, liquidations, mergers and acquisitions." -Mario Gabelli
"You have got to have discipline and focus - on the customer and how you run the business." -Jim Cantalupo
"Doubt is the incentive to truth and inquiry leads the way." -Hosea Ballou
"Someone asked me, if I were stranded on a desert island what book would I bring... 'How to Build a Boat.'" -Steven Wright
"If you are really thankful, what do you do? You share." -W. Clement Stone
"People seem to see no difference between an intimate conversation and a conversation at the water cooler." -Mike Farrell
"A man must not deny his manifest abilities, for that is to evade his obligations." -William Feather
"My imperative is to seek every moment and to live so God is in control." -Joel Salatin
"We need a greening of globalisation." -Sigmar Gabriel
"I wanted to be like Vivien Leigh in 'Gone With the Wind.' I wanted to have black hair, green eyes and break hearts." -Terry Farrell
"Being a musician is a job - it is just a really fun one!" -Colbie Caillat
"We are all travelers in the wilderness of this world, and the best we can find in our travels is an honest friend." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"In my mind and in my heart, I feel okay. I cannot complain that I haven't lived long enough, but I'd like to live longer." -Freddy Fender
"The wisdom of man never yet contrived a system of taxation that would operate with perfect equality." -Andrew Jackson
"The true humanist maintains a just balance between sympathy and selection." -Irving Babbitt
"Do not mind anything that anyone tells you about anyone else. Judge everyone and everything for yourself." -Henry James
"In youth the days are short and the years are long. In old age the years are short and day's long." -Pope Paul VI
"It's kind of fun to do the impossible." -Walt Disney
"Remind people that profit is the difference between revenue and expense. This makes you look smart." -Scott Adams
"Skepticism: the mark and even the pose of the educated mind." -John Dewey
"Ever more people today have the means to live, but no meaning to live for." -Viktor E. Frankl
"There was a door to which I found no key: There was the veil through which I might not see." -Omar Khayyam
"And the live show is still our main thing." -Jerry Garcia
"The very exercise of leadership fosters capacity for it." -Cyril Falls
"My son's taking drum lessons, and my daughter's taking piano lessons. One day they're going to start a band." -Chris Daughtry
"Perhaps I am stronger than I think." -Thomas Merton
"On stage, I make love to 25,000 different people, then I go home alone." -Janis Joplin
"Always kiss your children goodnight, even if they're already asleep." -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"The great difficulty in education is to get experience out of ideas." -George Santayana
"I can't think of a better model for Haiti rebuilding than Rwanda." -Paul Farmer
"What the world really needs is more love and less paper work." -Pearl Bailey
"Man, in his animal capacity, is qualified to subsist in every climate." -Adam Ferguson
"There is no instinct like that of the heart." -Lord Byron
"It's important to recognise that humans are not the measure of all things... The Earth is the measure of all things." -James Balog
"I think a great way to get kids to start eating their vegetables is to get creative with them." -Jennette McCurdy
"Yes, I guess you could say I am a loner, but I feel more lonely in a crowed room with boring people than I feel on my own." -Henry Rollins
"Temper is a weapon that we hold by the blade." -James M. Barrie
"The dream is real, my friends. The failure to realize it is the only unreality." -Toni Cade Bambara
"Gambling is a disease of barbarians superficially civilized." -Dean Inge
"The path to success is to take massive, determined action." -Tony Robbins
"Always laugh when you can. It is cheap medicine." -Lord Byron
"Our enemies are real. But so are the moral questions and long-term political implications of drone strikes." -Bruce Feirstein
"I have ways of making money that you know nothing of." -John D. Rockefeller
"I enjoyed debate on the floor but it's not really debate in the same way." -Geraldine Ferraro
"To succeed with the opposite sex, tell her you're impotent. She can't wait to disprove it." -Cary Grant
"I need some challenges in love or I'm bored." -Simon Baker
"I can calculate the motion of heavenly bodies, but not the madness of people." -Isaac Newton
"We have to have some rules and regulations in America, or the world would empty out here." -Gary Ackerman
"Patriotism is the religion of hell." -James Branch Cabell
"There is no act of treachery or meanness of which a political party is not capable; for in politics there is no honour." -Benjamin Disraeli
"No one thinks of how much blood it costs." -Dante Alighieri
"It was all recorded and mixed and there's more continuity in it more direction." -Dave Edmunds
"Anyone who has ever struggled with poverty knows how extremely expensive it is to be poor." -James A. Baldwin
"In America, sex is an obsession, in other parts of the world it's a fact." -Marlene Dietrich
"As a child I loved ghost stories." -Rebecca Hall
"A paranoid is someone who knows a little of what's going on." -William S. Burroughs
"But no one frees himself from being in love in three days." -Isabelle Adjani
"We are never so defensless against suffering as when we love." -Sigmund Freud
"The truest characters of ignorance are vanity and pride and arrogance." -Samuel Butler
"Lentil dhal is the only thing I can cook." -Rebecca Hall
"Some people have loved ones they will not forsake, even though they are a pain in the neck." -Lewis B. Smedes
"You would think that a country that goes to war allegedly to spread democracy would practice it in its own country." -Mumia Abu-Jamal
"Any pitcher who throws at a batter and deliberately tries to hit him is a communist." -Alvin Dark
"If you want a guarantee, buy a toaster." -Clint Eastwood
"It would be a terrific innovation if you could get your mind to stretch a little further than the next wisecrack." -Katharine Hepburn
"My work is being destroyed almost as soon as it is printed. One day it is being read; the next day someone's wrapping fish in it." -Al Capp
"Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed." -George Burns
"We shall meet again before long to march to new triumphs." -Giuseppe Garibaldi
"I look like a casual, laid-back guy, but it's like a circus in my head." -Steven Wright
"I like animals because they are not consciously cruel and don't betray each other." -Taylor Caldwell
"Life is one long process of getting tired." -Samuel Butler
"Our senses convey that all is not well with the natural world." -Peter Garrett
"I've never worried about being typecast - I've only ever worried about being not cast!" -Craig Fairbrass
"I don't have a girlfriend. But I do know a woman who'd be mad at me for saying that." -Mitch Hedberg
"It is not in life, but in art that self-fulfillment is to be found." -Wilson Mizner
"If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen." -Harry S Truman
"I think we all strive to push ourselves, to overcome our struggles. And when we do, we get to know ourselves better." -Ann Bancroft
"There is no doubt in the sanctity of Mecca, but a donkey won't become a Hajj pilgrim by just going through the motions." -Rahman Baba
"There is no spray can called 'Instant Stardom,' only talent can keep you at the top." -Jim Dale
"I never really wanted kids. I didn't not want them, but motherhood just wasn't something that pulled at me." -Edie Falco
"I have a book! It's called 'How Does She Do It?' and it's 35 years on camera." -Deidre Hall
"Ingratitude is the essence of vileness." -Immanuel Kant
"Great loves, to the last, have pulses red; All great loves that have ever died dropped dead." -Helen Hunt Jackson
"I like honesty and fair play." -Marcus Garvey
"But through experience I learned to control my body and locate the ball." -Dennis Eckersley
"There is no power on earth that can neutralize the influence of a high, simple and useful life." -Booker T. Washington
"Criticism is the art of appraising others at one's own value." -George Jean Nathan
"Money is only a tool. It will take you wherever you wish, but it will not replace you as the driver." -Ayn Rand
"It is worse than immoral, it's a mistake." -Dean Acheson
"If you take no risks, you will suffer no defeats. But if you take no risks, you win no victories." -Richard M. Nixon
"Science has not yet taught us if madness is or is not the sublimity of the intelligence." -Edgar Allan Poe
"I am not a Christian artist, I am an artist who is a Christian." -Johnny Cash
"Don't worry if they're Democrats or Republicans. Give them service and they'll become Democrats." -Richard J. Daley
"Anger is as a stone cast into a wasp's nest." -Pope Paul VI
"Leap, and the net will appear." -John Burroughs
"To stay on the map you've got to keep showing up." -Peter Gallagher
"Don't ask me about my career - I've forgotten most of it." -Timothy Dalton
"Peace, above all things, is to be desired, but blood must sometimes be spilled to obtain it on equable and lasting terms." -Andrew Jackson
"I've never wanted to be anyone other than who I am." -Roger Daltrey
"I also served on many government committees." -Leo Baekeland
"You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win." -Zig Ziglar
"Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody expects of you. Never excuse yourself." -Henry Ward Beecher
"Having regrets and things, it just takes your time away." -Leif Garrett
"What makes something special is not just what you have to gain, but what you feel there is to lose." -Andre Agassi
"I just want you to know you aren't going to church with a crook." -Bernard Ebbers
"I am looking forward to getting to do things I have never done before." -Tony Danza
"And know that I am with you always; yes, to the end of time." -Jesus Christ
"I'm actually very good with Home Depot-handy type of paintwork." -Michael Ealy
"No news is good news." -Ludovic Halevy
"The organization is a way for people to find us and deal with us and know how we operate." -Mitchell Baker
"The secret of the Internet's success has been its openness to new services." -Edward Felten
"I grew up on red meat and corn. But I don't eat like that anymore." -Terry Farrell
"I like it when songs develop in some way. Four minutes usually isn't enough time for something to develop musically." -Donald Fagen
"Dogs are better than human beings because they know but do not tell." -Emily Dickinson
"The successful pilots succeeded because they did not open fire until they were close to the target." -Douglas Bader
"We have had scarce investment in women... One of my tasks is that everyone spends much more on women." -Michelle Bachelet
"Sometimes the better an actor is, the less he's noticed." -Kate Jackson
"Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change." -Stephen Hawking
"It is not only all right but necessary to stand up to George Bush." -Russ Feingold
"We developed simple test tools to optimize imaging parameters. No company was interested in our idea." -John Cameron
"We should all do what, in the long run, gives us joy, even if it is only picking grapes or sorting the laundry." -E. B. White
"The United States has been a global power since late in the 19th century." -Robert M. Gates
"The most important single central fact about a free market is that no exchange takes place unless both parties benefit." -Milton Friedman
"I am not averse to politics, but that does not mean that I am going to join politics." -Rahul Gandhi
"Like many intellectuals, he was incapable of saying a simple thing in a simple way." -Marcel Proust
"If we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God, then we will be a nation gone under." -Ronald Reagan
"There are so many hot, sexy women in L.A." -Bryan Callen
"I take my work seriously but I can't take myself too seriously. I'm in such a crazy privileged position." -Michael Fassbender
"Denial has been a way of life for me for many years. I actually believe in denial." -Nora Ephron
"My job is to create myself a career that I can go to sleep satisfied with what I'm doing." -Kate del Castillo
"I deleted all the games from my computer. I spent days trawling the Internet. I started slowly." -Mary Garden
"In Europe, architects consider themselves artists. They think they're special when they win a competition." -Helmut Jahn
"Good writing will bring you to places you don't even expect sometimes." -James Gandolfini
"When people disagree with you, what you ultimately have to do is persuade people to agree with you - period." -Bill James
"Life is always going to be stranger than fiction, because fiction has to be convincing, and life doesn't." -Neil Gaiman
"Gleason used to rack balls for me when he was a kid in Brooklyn and in Long Island." -Minnesota Fats
"I was raised right. I dig who I am." -Scott Caan
"Time management is the mantra of my life." -Vir Das
"I think music influences fashion and has done so for generations." -Georgia Jagger
"Infidelity is horrible - there's nothing worse than that; it's devastating." -Jessica Capshaw
"Any good kitchen should be stocked up in oysters, shouldn't they?" -Michael Fassbender
"I think every actor has their list of roles that were near misses. I've had my share." -Michael Eklund
"I got a feeling that when I have kids, I'm going to have a little girl, and she's going to be completely sensible." -Justin Townes Earle
"For me, baseball is more comparable to chess than it is to hockey." -Jeff Garlin
"The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me." -Ayn Rand
"Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were only walls." -Joseph Campbell
"We need to ask whether, in the long term, some individuals with a history of psychosis may do better off medication." -Thomas R. Insel
"I was 16 when I entered the foster system, and know firsthand the statistics for 'aging out.'" -Angela Featherstone
"I said to de Lord, 'I'm goin' to hold steady on to you, an' I know you'll see me through.'" -Harriet Tubman
"I no have education. I have inspiration. If I was educated, I would be a damn fool." -Bob Marley
"It may be necessary temporarily to accept a lesser evil, but one must never label a necessary evil as good." -Margaret Mead
"They say that children become men, and men become children. Many generations have grown up, become men, and gone hence." -Sholom Aleichem
"Let me just tell you this: I love polyester." -Jay R. Ferguson
"Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons." -Woody Allen
"Science commits suicide when it adopts a creed." -Thomas Huxley
"Land is the secure ground of home, the sea is like life, the outside, the unknown." -Stephen Gardiner
"I was born into public service." -Janice Hahn
"A sense of humor is a major defense against minor troubles." -Mignon McLaughlin
"Let the wife make the husband glad to come home, and let him make her sorry to see him leave." -Martin Luther
"Whenever Elvin Jones comes to Seattle I try to go catch him." -Matt Cameron
"I usually spend Valentines Day with my friends. But if I did have a girlfriend, I'd bring her flowers and candy." -Zac Efron
"I don't understand why the accent you speak in has to indicate what level of intellect you have." -Paloma Faith
"That's what my life is, writing songs." -John Cale
"I'll meet the raging of the skies, but not an angry father." -Thomas Campbell
"I get really tired of getting painted up all the time. Basically, I'm a bum." -Morgan Fairchild
"It is strange that the years teach us patience; that the shorter our time, the greater our capacity for waiting." -Elizabeth Taylor
"And if you see me, smile and maybe give me a hug. That's important to me too." -Jim Valvano
"Things do not change; we change." -Henry David Thoreau
"If you're afraid to fail, then you're probably going to fail." -Kobe Bryant
"Shall we make a new rule of life from tonight: always to try to be a little kinder than is necessary?" -James M. Barrie
"He is loyal to his own career but only incidentally to anything or anyone else." -Hugh Dalton
"I love strong women, not only in life but in craft." -Brad Garrett
"I never talk about auditions. Even if I've got the role, I won't tell people until we're literally filming it." -Britt Robertson
"It's much easier to consume the visual image than to read something." -Lawrence Ferlinghetti
"I had grown up loving movies and had always wanted to write them." -Bruce Feirstein
"Half the lies they tell about me aren't true." -Yogi Berra
"The outward man is the swinging door; the inner man is the still hinge." -Meister Eckhart
"I was the bad kid in school. I was usually in trouble." -Scott Caan
"That doll looks more like a black man than me." -Lorrie Fair
"Anyone who makes plans for after the revolution is a reactionary." -Mikhail Bakunin
"I think that it is our intention to deny cancer any control over us." -Elizabeth Edwards
"It was so popular, so more people identify me from 'Friends' than anything else." -Eddie Cahill
"In the first place, God made idiots. That was for practice. Then he made school boards." -Mark Twain
"Bonfire of the Vanities: The lesson of that book is, never start believing your own press." -Charles James
"Some movies I see today have the most dramatic plot points but the actors are not playing them dramatically." -Aaron Eckhart
"I'm not a great shopper but I do buy a lot of books. I'm the publishers' friend - I buy a hundred books a year and read four." -Alan Davies
"Mistakes are the portals of discovery." -James Joyce
"After an 18-year career, I left the film industry, not wanting to become one of those child-actor cautionary tales." -Lisa Jakub
"Sometimes you film in your hometown, sometimes you go halfway across the world." -Jodelle Ferland
"No matter how I might feel about myself or my self-image, there is still a part of me that wants to fight to the end." -Willie Aames
"God has given you one face, and you make yourself another." -William Shakespeare
"I regret the passing of the studio system. I was very appreciative of it because I had no talent." -Lucille Ball
"Shakespeare was the great one before us. His place was between God and despair." -Eugene Ionesco
"I was a real loner in high school, even though people assume I was the head cheerleader." -Kate Bosworth
"I try to write parts for women that are as complicated and interesting as women actually are." -Nora Ephron
"He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has." -Epictetus
"Apart from these, let all others remain to guard our glorious banners." -Giuseppe Garibaldi
"The world is being run by irresponsible spoiled brats." -P. J. O'Rourke
"Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools." -Napoleon Bonaparte
"For death is no more than a turning of us over from time to eternity." -William Penn
"I wear a necklace, cause I wanna know when I'm upside down." -Mitch Hedberg
"I'm always being realistic." -Stefan Edberg
"I'm concerned about getting Iraq on its feet." -Douglas Feith
"Do not follow vain desires; for verily he who prospers is preserved from lust, greed and anger." -Abu Bakr
"Life is so great every day. I am telling things every day." -Nina Hagen
"I think acting and psychology are both looking at what makes human beings tick. I've always found that fascinating." -Courtney Gains
"Film is one of the three universal languages, the other two: mathematics and music." -Frank Capra
"There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are." -W. Somerset Maugham
"I am an outside person; if I don't get outside, I get a little crazy." -Jennifer Hale
"It is surely harmful to souls to make it a heresy to believe what is proved." -Galileo Galilei
"I'm not the only Labour MP who sent their child to public school but I'm the only one who's questioned about it." -Diane Abbott
"There are a lot of things that need to be done to improve communications." -Douglas Feith
"I think I would like to write screenplays, books, really anything." -Kara Hayward
"I'd definitely pose nude again. No qualms. I actually had my breasts done again. Just updated, like new tires." -Jessica Hahn
"Cursed is the man who dies, but the evil done by him survives." -Abu Bakr
"I have a natural swagger." -Kevin Bacon
"I hate to blow my own horn, but I gave a lot of people fits." -Bo Jackson
"No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world." -Robin Williams
"I love my relationship with Coach Vermeil because it is one of the few genuine relationships that I have." -Dante Hall
"Change alone is unchanging." -Heraclitus
"You say a new era in art is preparing; you sensed it coming; continue your studies without weakening. God will do the rest." -Paul Cezanne
"I like my guitars to be kinda worn. I don't like it when they're all shiny." -Vivian Campbell
"I know the Bible is inspired because it inspires me." -Dwight L. Moody
"Sometimes an active policy is best advanced by doing nothing until the right time - or never." -James Baker
"I have expressed my opinion through the written word through my books, that is all." -Oriana Fallaci
"A plumber is an adventurer who traces leaky pipes to their source." -Arthur Baer
"Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgment of others." -Wayne Dyer
"You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind." -Joyce Meyer
"Courage is fear holding on a minute longer." -George S. Patton
"Anybody can be a great photographer if they zoom in enough on what they love." -David Bailey
"Nobody can fail to lose weight in the jungle, unless they've got a secret stash of pork pies somewhere." -Colin Baker
"Love is the emotion that a woman feels always for a poodle dog and sometimes for a man." -George Jean Nathan
"Let thy step be slow and steady, that thou stumble not." -Tokugawa Ieyasu
"The world is a penal institution." -Taylor Caldwell
"I don't think punk ever really dies, because punk rock attitude can never die." -Billy Idol
"Simplicity is the most deceitful mistress that ever betrayed man." -Henry Adams
"If I had been born with an aggressive character, then maybe my palmares would have been longer." -Miguel Indurain
"I have a doggy, a Japanese Akita, who I live to play with." -Corey Haim
"The cross is the centre of all this in every respect." -John Nelson Darby
"In the history of women's tennis the great players have come back from long absences with no problems." -Lindsay Davenport
"Integrity is the essence of everything successful." -R. Buckminster Fuller
"If I had to choose a religion, the sun as the universal giver of life would be my god." -Napoleon Bonaparte
"I know the lands are lit, with all the autumn blaze of Goldenrod." -Helen Hunt Jackson
"As far as performance, the roar of the crowd, the smell of the greasepaint no I don't feel that." -Peter Garrett
"The President is the last person in the world to know what the people really want and think." -James A. Garfield
"I love those who yearn for the impossible." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"I have nothing to do with the selection of stories. I'm the reporter." -Kate Adie
"Of all work-schools, a good farm is probably the best for motor development." -G. Stanley Hall
"There is no corner too quiet, or too far away, for a woman to make sorrow in it." -Amelia Barr
"Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away." -Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"The flower that smells the sweetest is shy and lowly." -William Wordsworth
"It is weird. A lot of people try to ask me political questions. I'm not a politician." -Barkhad Abdi
"You don't want to spend your life explaining yourself." -Peter Garrett
"I hire people brighter than me and then I get out of their way." -Lee Iacocca
"The goldenrod is yellow, The corn is turning brown, The trees in apple orchards With fruit are bending down." -Helen Hunt Jackson
"Nothing makes one feel so strong as a call for help." -Pope Paul VI
"When my enemies stop hissing, I shall know I'm slipping." -Maria Callas
"It is our art that has an opportunity to leave a footprint in the sand. They don't wrap fish in our work." -Hugh Newell Jacobsen
"The concept of absurdity is something I'm attracted to." -David Lynch
"I'm not gay, and I'm not a superhero." -Jon Hamm
"My secrets must be poetic to be believable." -Mick Jagger
"Sometimes one can be so closely involved with things that the larger context is lost to view." -Brian Ferneyhough
"Singing and acting on a show is like theater; it doesn't get any better." -Shanola Hampton
"And he repents in thorns that sleeps in beds of roses." -Francis Quarles
"I would like to remain an actress, but am very anxious to direct and produce." -Megan Gallagher
"The symbolic view of things is a consequence of long absorption in images. Is sign language the real language of Paradise?" -Hugo Ball
"I'm from an island, so I've always been near the water. I don't think I could live somewhere far from the sea." -Sigrid Agren
"Being in quite a few movies... there's always things that are changing about a film." -Bryan Callen
"His life, though none too long, Was never dull: Of woman, wine and song Bill had his full." -Robert W. Service
"I've got absolutely no real perception, properly, of time." -Sade Adu
"Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today." -James Dean
"I close my eyes when I sing so I can feel the song better." -Mahalia Jackson
"It's in my wheelhouse to be creepy, as a person." -Ben Falcone
"I don't think baseball owes colored people anything. I don't think colored people owe baseball anything, either." -Bob Feller
"Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish." -Michelangelo
"How about a little noise. How do you expect a man to putt?" -Babe Ruth
"The brain is like a muscle. When it is in use we feel very good. Understanding is joyous." -Carl Sagan
"My first payback to society in life, was The Dolphin Project." -Rick Danko
"I'm a woman who has gone through many heartaches, enough to dedicate my whole life to trying to figure them out." -Erykah Badu
"I was so beautiful but I didn't realise it for years. I saw pictures of myself and even I was stunned." -Britt Ekland
"I think Gotye is really dope. The music that I enjoy listening to isn't as intense as my music is." -B.o.B
"The real questions are: Does it solve a problem? Is it serviceable? How is it going to look in ten years?" -Charles Eames
"If I take care of my character, my reputation will take care of me." -Dwight L. Moody
"One of the most constant and sustaining truths of my life has been this: I love the library." -Deb Caletti
"I can't remember what the last film I saw was, as I can't smoke or drink in cinemas." -Siobhan Fahey
"Know or listen to those who know." -Baltasar Gracian
"Be sure your wisest words are those you do not say." -Robert W. Service
"I'm an avid cook. Brazilian, some Italian, a little French. And I often throw dinner parties." -Morena Baccarin
"In Amsterdam, the river and canals have been central to city life for the last four centuries." -Janet Echelman
"I don't believe in depriving yourself of things you want." -Jennie Garth
"More business is lost every year through neglect than through any other cause." -Rose Kennedy
"Unity is Obama's theme." -Robert Dallek
"I basically was a precocious little kid." -Michael Ironside
"There's one good kind of writer - a dead one." -James T. Farrell
"I would say Politically Incorrect is my favourite right now." -Megan Gallagher
"Some of the funniest people I know are not screwed up in the head." -Darrell Hammond
"I have to recognize that I am agnostic." -Antonio Banderas
"You are not only responsible for what you say, but also for what you do not say." -Martin Luther
"I enjoyed acting and marveled that one could get paid for doing it." -Norman Fell
"Guilt is perhaps the most painful companion of death." -Coco Chanel
"The more you turn down things, the more difficult it becomes to feel that the next one will be right." -Charlotte Gainsbourg
"Respect is one of the greatest expressions of love." -Miguel Angel Ruiz
"Fame doesn't end loneliness." -Claire Danes
"A crazy man finishes in the cemetery." -Juan Manuel Fangio
"If dogs could talk it would take a lot of the fun out of owning one." -Andy Rooney
"It's not some big event that creates the drama, it's the little things of everyday life that bring about that drama." -Asghar Farhadi
"The American people do not want ambassadorships or any other position handed out to save a party money." -Darrell Issa
"I always did think that when I turned 40, I'd start coming into my own." -Adam Baldwin
"You and I are all as much continuous with the physical universe as a wave is continuous with the ocean." -Alan Watts
"I'm a good person, but with many defects." -Enrique Iglesias
"If there must be trouble, let it be in my day, that my child may have peace." -Thomas Paine
"So many actors are not open in front of the camera - they have a persona." -Jane Campion
"They keep telling me that my flow's up to date, you know. I guess they thought I was gonna come back sounding... old." -Cheryl James
"It is only in our decisions that we are important." -Jean-Paul Sartre
"It is often safer to be in chains than to be free." -Franz Kafka
"I think in real life most of us don't know how to communicate our deepest feelings very well." -Linda Cardellini
"I hope people will say, 'Mr. Valentino, he did something for fashion, no?'" -Valentino Garavani
"You have to be a bastard to make it, and that's a fact. And the Beatles are the biggest bastards on earth." -John Lennon
"I've always said that racing in New York is performing on the big stage." -Ryan Hall
"It will always be a battle a day between those who want maximum change and those who want to maintain the status quo." -Gerry Adams
"I didn't want a divorce but had to because of circumstance." -Sarah Ferguson
"I think if everyone looked the same, it would be a bit boring." -Georgia May Jagger
"Study nature, not books." -Louis Agassiz
"Gray hair is God's graffiti." -Bill Cosby
"He who becomes a Muslim does so in his own interest." -Abu Bakr
"As for the fake teeth, they're officially retired. I haven't really found a need or want to wear them." -Uzo Aduba
"It is such a secret place, the land of tears." -Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"Everything in life is luck." -Donald Trump
"I feel lucky. I think acting can help to keep you young. It does make you feel there's meaning in your life." -Jane Badler
"I like Pantene shampoo and conditioner because my hair is so straight, and I find it gives me a little lift." -Jacquelyn Jablonski
"A lot of interviewers are looking for the dark side. They want to know about the depths of your despair and fear." -Clare Balding
"I started as a songwriter and wanted to be like Leonard Cohen. I've always seen my stories as enlarged songs." -Kazuo Ishiguro
"Modeling is always something I've really admired because I've seen my mum and sister do it." -Georgia Jagger
"Bathtubs, pools, water - to me, it's a very essential part of being grounded and sensual and feeling yourself." -Andre Balazs
"I like the fact that I have good old-fashioned British teeth with a big gap." -Georgia Jagger
"The web as a platform is the most powerful platform we have ever seen." -Mitchell Baker
"Avoid running at all times." -Satchel Paige
"My belief is that what comes across on the television is a capture of my enthusiasm and my passion for wildlife." -Steve Irwin
"I can't stand the idea of missing something. I've got to know what's going on - it's like an animal instinct with me." -John Fairchild
"I'm just trying to portray what I find ironic or humorous." -Max Cannon
"I don't wear jeans." -Christine Ebersole
"It is always good men who do the most harm in the world." -Henry Adams
"Mathematics is as old as Man." -Stefan Banach
"There's too much tendency to attribute to God the evils that man does of his own free will." -Agatha Christie
"My fellow Americans, ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country." -John F. Kennedy
"To those who say Britain cannot afford to invest in infrastructure, I say we cannot afford not to invest in our future." -Philip Hammond
"Quitting is the easiest thing to do." -Robert Kiyosaki
"I always loved bulbs, and I use light a lot in my shows. In my office in Paris, I have 300 bulbs." -Alexandre de Betak
"I react emotionally to everything!" -Jennie Garth
"You can't learn everything you need to know legally." -John Irving
"I used to say I never talk about my successor, neither about my predecessor." -Boutros Boutros-Ghali
"The national team comes before everything." -Lorrie Fair
"I am a thing of beauty." -Frank Sinatra
"When you happy ,you get locked in sleep. You get sleepy happy. I always wanna be on point. I always wanna be aware." -DMX
"When you're reading, you're not where you are; you're in the book. By the same token, I can write anywhere." -Diana Gabaldon
"In L.A., you seem to meet only one sort of person." -Amanda Eliasch
"If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love." -Maya Angelou
"Men are more prone to cheating, definitely." -Blu Cantrell
"What I do and what I dream include thee, as the wine must taste of its own grapes." -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
"I do like to cook. But I only cook a few things, but those few things I do really well." -Eric Dane
"Men who borrow their opinions can never repay their debts." -E. F. L. Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax
"Cruelty is contagious in uncivilized communities." -Harriet Ann Jacobs
"Gaiety is the most outstanding feature of the Soviet Union." -Joseph Stalin
"I saw Tequila Sunrise as a romantic picture with complex, bigger than life characters." -Conrad Hall
"I've always lived in a city." -Ana Gasteyer
"I don't dream at night; life has given me the stuff I need to be able to dream during the day. I'm very lucky." -Ferran Adria
"In preparing for battle I have always found that plans are useless, but planning is indispensable." -Dwight D. Eisenhower
"When women criticized men, I called it 'insight'... When men criticized women, I called it 'sexism' and 'backlash.'" -Warren Farrell
"Bad people are intriguing!" -Jorge Garcia
"I'm not over the top; I'm not wacky. I'm fairly understated, and that reflects in the way I sing." -Sade Adu
"We cannot choose one desktop over the other - Gnome or KDE - because there's users for both code bases." -Miguel de Icaza
"In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock." -Thomas Jefferson
"It sounds odd coming from me, but I realize what I say and how I look has a great impact." -Ayumi Hamasaki
"Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up." -Pablo Picasso
"Plan for this world as if you expect to live forever; but plan for the hereafter as if you expect to die tomorrow." -Solomon Ibn Gabirol
"Younger players in this music often turn out to be middle aged; it is not a young music." -Derek Bailey
"Don't accept your dog's admiration as conclusive evidence that you are wonderful." -Ann Landers
"I like exotic guys who have a lot of sexual energy. I drive army tanks and I snowboard, so he has to keep up." -Berglind Icey
"I'm a dogged person. I respond to adversity with a steely resistance." -Jennifer Egan
"The finest steel has to go through the hottest fire." -Richard M. Nixon
"The most efficient water power in the world - women's tears." -Wilson Mizner
"I think mostly it's the adventure that I will have in making the movie. That's what I look for." -Christian Bale
"The fashion world feels more normal to me when I'm with them." -Kate Bosworth
"The greatest magnifying glasses in the world are a man's own eyes when they look upon his own person." -Alexander Pope
"There is no worse screen to block out the Spirit than confidence in our own intelligence." -John Calvin
"There is real beauty in my eyes when I lose my mind." -Jessica Hagedorn
"Comedy is acting out optimism." -Robin Williams
"You must remember that a woman, by nature, needs much less to feed upon than a man, a few emotions and she is satisfied." -Alice James
"Evil is not to be traced back to the individual but to the collective behavior of humanity." -Reinhold Niebuhr
"Puritanism. The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy." -H. L. Mencken
"I left halfway through my third year to start Lipstick On Your Collar, which was the first thing I ever did." -Ewan McGregor
"Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things that escape those who dream only at night." -Edgar Allan Poe
"Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree." -Martin Luther
"And now we welcome the new year. Full of things that have never been." -Rainer Maria Rilke
"Thank you for making me nouveau riche." -Jerry Della Femina
"Everybody knew that I could type pretty well." -Jack Adams
"I always say shopping is cheaper than a psychiatrist." -Tammy Faye Bakker
"The great corrupter of public man is the ego. Looking at the mirror distracts one's attention from the problem." -Dean Acheson
"The trick to forgetting the big picture is to look at everything close-up." -Chuck Palahniuk
"I don't think men were meant to be interviewed." -Leos Carax
"I think that as an artist, the more that you can do to diversify, and kind of challenge yourself, the more you grow." -Dianna Agron
"You want a happy ending, but not such a ridiculous happy ending that it doesn't mean anything to anybody." -Paul Feig
"Deprivation sometimes can be one of the most marvelous teachers." -Michele Bachmann
"All men were made by the Great Spirit Chief. They are all brothers." -Chief Joseph
"Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars." -Khalil Gibran
"The sole meaning of life is to serve humanity." -Leo Tolstoy
"I know of no country in which there is so little independence of mind and real freedom of discussion as in America." -Alexis de Tocqueville
"You can have all the riches and success in the world, but if you don't have your health, you have nothing." -Steven Adler
"When you think about your heritage, you think about toughness and hard work." -Jeff Garcia
"I'll just tell you the way it is. You ask me what time it is and I'm gonna tell you how to build a clock." -Dick Dale
"We must be willing to let go of the life we have planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us." -E. M. Forster
"The best cure for hypochondria is to forget about your body and get interested in someone else's." -Goodman Ace
"We were not allowed to say, Screw, but we could say, Hump the hostess, because hump is in Shakespeare." -Uta Hagen
"I find Jesse Jackson to be religiously, progressively old fashioned." -Jackie Jackson
"In 'To Kill a Mockingbird,' I was just playing and having a good time." -Mary Badham
"This sight... is by far the noblest astronomy affords." -Edmond Halley
"British chancellor is telling the rest of Europe it must abandon democracy. It's appalling." -Nigel Farage
"Being unconscious is the ultimate disability." -Jessa Gamble
"There was, like, a point where music was slow for me, like '09. I wasn't getting that much work." -Hit-Boy
"To carry care to bed is to sleep with a pack on your back." -Thomas Chandler Haliburton
"The day that this country ceases to be free for irreligion, it will cease to be free for religion." -Robert Jackson
"I don't eat red meat, but sometimes a man needs a steak." -Gwyneth Paltrow
"Not obsessed with particularly Nike, but sneakers in general. I love them." -Idris Elba
"The establishment is made up of little men, very frightened." -Bella Abzug
"What contemptible scoundrel has stolen the cork to my lunch?" -W. Clement Stone
"We can recognize and give credit where credit is due, to the debt of taste we owe Europe, but we have taste, too." -Billy Baldwin
"I've developed a self-discipline since the time I was a child." -George Hamilton
"It's simple, if it jiggles, it's fat." -Arnold Schwarzenegger
"Grunge is a hippied romantic version of punk." -Marc Jacobs
"I hate junk food. It depresses me." -Sean Faris
"I don't like to be talked into anything. I don't want to be cajoled." -Dennis Farina
"Forgiveness is a virtue of the brave." -Indira Gandhi
"I spent my childhood in Newfoundland and then my junior high and high school years in Alberta, Canada." -Sara Canning
"In all my study of history, I have never found a time or place I would rather have lived than now." -Orson Scott Card
"I'm still raising kids myself, so I don't feel like a grandpa." -Sammy Hagar
"Directors, producers can make you look good or make you look bad." -Aaron Eckhart
"There is no coming to consciousness without pain." -Carl Jung
"I'm pretty good for an old geek." -Peter Capaldi
"The sweetest joy, the wildest woe is love. What the world really needs is more love and less paperwork." -Pearl Bailey
"Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it from religious conviction." -Blaise Pascal
"Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will." -Zig Ziglar
"It is the creative potential itself in human beings that is the image of God." -Mary Daly
"Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith." -Steve Jobs
"Prejudices are the chains forged by ignorance to keep men apart." -Marguerite Gardiner
"To live under the American Constitution is the greatest political privilege that was ever accorded to the human race." -Calvin Coolidge
"My extravagance is my garden - it's the first thing I look at every morning when I wake up. It gives me so much pleasure." -Ina Garten
"Don't forget to love yourself." -Soren Kierkegaard
"Sometimes I come home and still can't believe it's all mine." -Lorrie Fair
"It's not who I am underneath but what I do that defines me." -Christian Bale
"A film has its own life and takes its own time." -Aaron Eckhart
"The color of truth is gray." -Andre Gide
"There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed." -Ernest Hemingway
"Democracy is indispensable to socialism." -Vladimir Lenin
"Time is the longest distance between two places." -Tennessee Williams
"I've always been an outsider; a displaced person." -Siobhan Fahey
"No president is well-served by groupthink or by everybody singing from the same sheet of music they think he's on." -Robert M. Gates
"Effective health care depends on self-care; this fact is currently heralded as if it were a discovery." -Ivan Illich
"It ain't no joke when you lose your vinyl." -Afrika Bambaataa
"In war, you win or lose, live or die - and the difference is just an eyelash." -Douglas MacArthur
"As a writer, I'm more interested in what people tell themselves happened rather than what actually happened." -Kazuo Ishiguro
"I was like a Borscht Belt comedian trapped in the body of a 6-year-old. I was channeling Jackie Mason at 7." -Josh Gad
"We love the precepts for the teacher's sake." -George Farquhar
"There I was, an 18-year-old mimic rooming with a blind whistler." -Arthur Hailey
"I'm made in the Dominican. I'm from baseball country." -Robinson Cano
"Morality binds and blinds. It binds us into teams... but thereby makes us go blind to objective reality." -Jonathan Haidt
"You never heard of a comedy team that didn't fight, did you?" -Bud Abbott
"Power is always dangerous. Power attracts the worst and corrupts the best." -Edward Abbey
"They're desperately searching for meaning in their lives but they will not crack the Bible open." -Victoria Jackson
"Don't wait. The time will never be just right." -Napoleon Hill
"One has a greater sense of degradation after an interview with a doctor than from any human experience." -Alice James
"You must pass your days in song. Let your whole life be a song." -Sai Baba
"I enjoy music that is commercial." -Kenneth Edmonds
"I've sung background for a couple of bands." -Randy Jackson
"Photograph: a picture painted by the sun without instruction in art." -Ambrose Bierce
"As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others." -Audrey Hepburn
"I write with as much objectivity as I can." -Ernest Gaines
"Laughter is, after speech, the chief thing that holds society together." -Max Eastman
"When I'm upset, everyone knows about it, and it's a selfish trait because everyone suffers." -Tamara Ecclestone
"I had that thing of wanting to prove I was a tough kid." -Scott Caan
"The only things worth learning are the things you learn after you know it all." -Harry S Truman
"I get how devastating high taxes are to job creation." -Michele Bachmann
"Forget like a child any injury done by somebody immediately. Never keep it in the heart. It kindles hatred." -Swami Sivananda
"I didn't want to be this four-chord acoustic singer songwriter because that stuff just got so old to me." -Kathleen Edwards
"You can have a bunch of great actors in a film, but if you don't have anyone telling a great story, it's a moot point." -Sarah Gadon
"The events of the day inspired me to become a lawyer." -Christopher Darden
"Golf gives and takes. So yeah, sometimes you make those putts, sometimes you just miss them. But that's golf." -Angel Cabrera
"There are two things people want more than sex and money... recognition and praise." -Mary Kay Ash
"For many, Christmas is also a time for coming together. But for others, service will come first." -Queen Elizabeth II
"Eggs give me protein after a good work out. The cheesier, the better!" -Shanola Hampton
"A day without sunshine is like, you know, night." -Steve Martin
"Americans like to think 'Python' is how English people really are. There is an element of truth to that." -Eric Idle
"I'll bet Shakespeare compromised himself a lot; anybody who's in the entertainment industry does to some extent." -Christopher Isherwood
"In the spider-web of facts, many a truth is strangled." -Paul Eldridge
"She says that I wore some pretty sexy leather pants to that first meeting, but I don't remember." -Dick Ebersol
"Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead." -Oscar Wilde
"Grammar, which knows how to control even kings." -Moliere
"I like decorative, functional things that I feel comfortable in." -Joey Lauren Adams
"I am one of those who would rather sink with faith than swim without it." -Stanley Baldwin
"Like most meaningful activities, campaigns are team games." -Alastair Campbell
"I like approbation. Any actor who tells you they don't is lying." -Charles Dance
"If Barbara Walters was interviewing me, I'd figure her career was as dead as mine!" -Tom T. Hall
"Everything is for sale in Hollywood; the fairy tale, the costume, the pumpkin, the footman and the mice." -Amanda Eliasch
"Quality is not an act, it is a habit." -Aristotle
"I had therefore to remove knowledge, in order to make room for belief." -Immanuel Kant
"In all my perplexities and distresses, the Bible has never failed to give me light and strength." -Robert E. Lee
"Being a mom has been my most important job to date, and I take my job very seriously, and I have a lot of fun doing it." -Jessica Capshaw
"I refuse to dance. And I can't dance anyway. I'm not in a band for that." -Liam Gallagher
"I am not a violent person. I actually don't like to hurt people." -Gina Carano
"A single conversation across the table with a wise man is better than ten years mere study of books." -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"The discipline of writing something down is the first step toward making it happen." -Lee Iacocca
"But if you could make that mistake and press the send button and the entire world sees it forever." -Gregg Easterbrook
"It must be a balance in everything we do, not too much of everything, keep it simple, not complicated." -Abdullah Ahmad Badawi
"The priest is the personification of falsehood." -Giuseppe Garibaldi
"I was 14 or 15 when I moved to L.A. permanently, but I had been out for pilot season for a few years before that." -Britt Robertson
"If you want to go to the mall, you have to take security. But it's always cool. The kids are amazing." -Aaliyah
"My Dublin wasn't the Dublin of sing-songs, traditional music, sense of history and place and community." -Colin Farrell
"The Indian knew how to live without wants, to suffer without complaint, and to die singing." -Alexis de Tocqueville
"I went to a shrink once, but I caught him going to a fortune-teller so I quit." -James Caan
"I been the same dude my whole life." -DMX
"I would say I'm a 19th-century liberal, possibly even an 18th-century one." -Niall Ferguson
"If you desire faith, then you have faith enough." -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
"Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life." -Wayne Dyer
"We are born of love; Love is our mother." -Rumi
"Every man must do two things alone; he must do his own believing and his own dying." -Martin Luther
"In the absence of that, I am happy to play solo, but I don't think there is any comparison." -Derek Bailey
"God hangs the greatest weights upon the smallest wires." -Francis Bacon
"I believe sustainable use is the greatest propaganda in wildlife conservation at the moment." -Steve Irwin
"Everything in life is somewhere else, and you get there in a car." -E. B. White
"Rockers are the nicest people to photograph. They have no inhibitions." -David Bailey
"Where the senses fail us, reason must step in." -Galileo Galilei
"There is no heresy or no philosophy which is so abhorrent to the church as a human being." -James Joyce
"Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness." -Samuel Beckett
"I'm different, and I'm not afraid to be different." -Debby Ryan
"Slang is a language that rolls up its sleeves, spits on its hands and goes to work." -Carl Sandburg
"Turn your wounds into wisdom." -Oprah Winfrey
"Faith is the highest passion in a human being. Many in every generation may not come that far, but none comes further." -Soren Kierkegaard
"I don't know what this definition of affirmative action is for some." -Chaka Fattah
"I go from English to Spanish, and I feel I have some cool songs." -Enrique Iglesias
"Decorate your home. It gives the illusion that your life is more interesting than it really is." -Charles M. Schulz
"I have been all things unholy. If God can work through me, he can work through anyone." -Francis of Assisi
"Polite and velvety leaders, who take care to avoid bruising others, are generally not as effective at forcing change." -Walter Isaacson
"We create our own unhappiness. The purpose of suffering is to help us understand we are the ones who cause it." -Willie Nelson
"Treat your life like a game." -Ray Dalio
"As the lily among thorns, so is my love among the daughters." -Solomon Ibn Gabirol
"My talents fall within definite limitations. I am not as versatile an actress as some think." -Greta Garbo
"Loving relatives and home-cooked meals are solid levees against a recession." -Rosecrans Baldwin
"When you relinquish the desire to control your future, you can have more happiness." -Nicole Kidman
"My personality was always such that I always look straight forward, never behind or to the side." -Grant Achatz
"We may have all come on different ships, but we're in the same boat now." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
"If one sticks too rigidly to one's principles, one would hardly see anybody." -Agatha Christie
"Writing is hard work, but a lot of fun, too. It allows me to live out some of my fantasies." -Christopher Darden
"Leadership does not depend on being right." -Ivan Illich
"I'm not the most detailed writer. I have a tendency to be more action-oriented vs. descriptive." -Lisa Gardner
"To me, all success is a delightful surprise, since one can absolutely never predict it." -Julian Fellowes
"It's been my experience that every time I think I know where it's at, it's usually somewhere else." -Blake Edwards
"Meanings are not determined by situations, but we determine ourselves by the meanings we give to situations." -Alfred Adler
"In a time of transition for journalism all around the world, it's reassuring to know that some of the old ways endure." -James Fallows
"When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it." -Henry Ford
"If you get a script and it's really well written, that's always exciting." -Amanda Abbington
"The Americans are optimistic by their nature. And they are hopeful." -Chaka Fattah
"I believe it is in the world's interest to develop environments that fully engage women and leverage their natural talents." -Weili Dai
"I would just like to have children. Lots of children." -Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark
"When you look at a city, it's like reading the hopes, aspirations and pride of everyone who built it." -Hugh Newell Jacobsen
"He was a dreamer, a thinker, a speculative philosopher... or, as his wife would have it, an idiot." -Douglas Adams
"It is our duty as men and women to proceed as though the limits of our abilities do not exist." -Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
"Become addicted to constant and never-ending self-improvement." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
"As a kid, you run around the house pretending to be a superhero, and now to be doing it as a job, I feel very lucky." -Chris Hemsworth
"I did the figure of Diana in V, a cult TV show seen all over the world." -Jane Badler
"To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing." -Elbert Hubbard
"The final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands." -Anne Frank
"Nothing recedes like progress." -e. e. cummings
"A lot of my intensity in wrestling was due to my mental preparation before the matches. I got myself into a different world." -Dan Gable
"I think I'm better behind the camera than I am in front." -Bryan Adams
"But despite this breathtaking pace, I believe in the capacity of our democracy to meet these challenges." -Lee H. Hamilton
"The things we truly love stay with us always, locked in our hearts as long as life remains." -Josephine Baker
"Actually, in its purest form, Islam is incredibly tolerant. That makes what's going on in the world really bizarre." -Steve Earle
"I pretty much try to stay in a constant state of confusion just because of the expression it leaves on my face." -Johnny Depp
"I'm proud of the fact that I pitched almost 3,300 innings." -Dennis Eckersley
"I hate liberality - nine times out of ten it is cowardice, and the tenth time lack of principle." -Henry Addington
"I never learned to cook; I was a little spoiled as far as that's concerned." -Hector Elizondo
"I am baffled by good writing." -Paul Dano
"I spent much of my life hiding." -Kevyn Aucoin
"Nothing lasts forever - not even your troubles." -Arnold H. Glasow
"The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places." -Ernest Hemingway
"There's only one growth strategy: work hard." -William Hague
"I was born in August, no July, 1908." -Satchel Paige
"Dignify and glorify common labor. It is at the bottom of life that we must begin, not at the top." -Booker T. Washington
"I don't think I should be underestimated." -Lindsay Davenport
"Many a dangerous temptation comes to us in gay, fine colours, that are but skin-deep." -Matthew Henry
"Being noticed can be a burden. Jesus got himself crucified because he got himself noticed. So I disappear a lot." -Bob Dylan
"We have to be careful in how we use this light shined on us." -Melinda Gates
"The soul that is within me no man can degrade." -Frederick Douglass
"I have to start with elements of myself, which is what you always do as an actor." -Kate Baldwin
"If you are afraid of loneliness, do not marry." -Anton Chekhov
"Passion has been in my DNA for generations." -Julio Iglesias
"Moderation is the silken string running through the pearl chain of all virtues." -Joseph Hall
"I couldn't say my own name when I was 12." -Ken Venturi
"It wasn't until '94 when I tried to commit suicide that I realized that it wasn't about the money." -Vanilla Ice
"I am actually very in touch with all of my emotions, from joy to pain, and I am free with them." -Kimberly Elise
"All religion, my friend, is simply evolved out of fraud, fear, greed, imagination, and poetry." -Edgar Allan Poe
"So long as we have enough people in this country willing to fight for their rights, we'll be called a democracy." -Roger Nash Baldwin
"I think one of the most important things in a relationship is caring for your significant other through good times and bad." -Nick Cannon
"Linguistic sounds, considered as external, physical phenomena have two aspects, the motor and the acoustic." -Roman Jakobson
"Church attendance is as vital to a disciple as a transfusion of rich, healthy blood to a sick man." -Dwight L. Moody
"Sinatra was the biggest influence on my life, my singing career. And rightly so. I mean he was the best singer ever." -James Darren
"I want to have children, please God, with a woman that I love and that I'm very attracted to." -Brandon T. Jackson
"You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today." -Abraham Lincoln
"Man is free at the moment he wishes to be." -Voltaire
"The Old Testament is my favourite science fantasy reading." -Tom Baker
"My peers say I have made a difference. That means more to me than winning an Oscar." -Conrad Hall
"The writer knows his own worth, and to be overvalued can confuse and destroy him as an artist." -Charles R. Jackson
"I am a shocker. I like to create controversy. It's my trademark." -Brenda Fassie
"I have arthritis. The space around my spinal cord has become compressed." -Carrie Ann Inaba
"Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope." -Maya Angelou
"Whether rich people make money or lose money, they get no sympathy from the public." -Gary Ackerman
"Trust has to be earned, and should come only after the passage of time." -Arthur Ashe
"First of all, it was in my contract. I knew I would be directing an episode." -Anthony Michael Hall
"I've put a lot of my life into making it possible to fly in space at all." -Chris Hadfield
"I'm responsive to my public, but I also follow my heart." -Kenny G
"There is a thin line that separates laughter and pain, comedy and tragedy, humor and hurt." -Erma Bombeck
"Unreasonable haste is the direct road to error." -Moliere
"Concrete is, essentially, the color of bad weather." -William Hamilton
"Maybe subconsciously I've kept activism separate from acting because it's important to me in a more profound way." -Blythe Danner
"I've always had an abundance of material about the subjects of my biographies." -Walter Isaacson
"There is no love that is not an echo." -Theodor Adorno
"Everything has been said before, but since nobody listens we have to keep going back and beginning all over again." -Andre Gide
"The Internet is an actor's best friend." -Armie Hammer
"People come to the theatre to be excited and uplifted - I want to inspire my audience." -Edward Hall
"Remember we're all in this alone." -Lily Tomlin
"I created 'Dinner: Impossible' with a guy named Bryan O'Reilly and I shot the pilot as a 30 minute show and we sold it." -Robert Irvine
"Being a barber is about taking care of the people." -Anthony Hamilton
"Don't kid yourself that anyone in the Premier League is going to do you any favours." -Tony Fernandes
"Thanks for the information about what we call business." -Dashiell Hammett
"Trust not too much to appearances." -Virgil
"Whatever there be of progress in life comes not through adaptation but through daring." -Henry Miller
"I am always prepared to do the right thing regardless of what other people think." -Bill Ackman
"My favorite driver is always either the bad guy or the underdog." -Bo Jackson
"Thug Life to me is dead." -Tupac Shakur
"This is the first convention of the space age - where a candidate can promise the moon and mean it." -David Brinkley
"We hang the petty thieves and appoint the great ones to public office." -Aesop
"Vices are sometimes only virtues carried to excess!" -Charles Dickens
"Personality is an unbroken series of successful gestures." -F. Scott Fitzgerald
"I actually cried during 'Titanic'. It was one of the few movies I've seen in the theater multiple times." -Jason Earles
"I've never been desperate to please my father." -Rebecca Hall
"Most religions do not make men better, only warier." -Elias Canetti
"When a man goes through six years training to be a doctor he will never be the same. He knows too much." -Enid Bagnold
"I've always said fashion is like roast chicken: You don't have to think about it to know it's delicious." -Alber Elbaz
"Marriage! Nothing else demands so much of a man." -Henrik Ibsen
"I was always Armie. There couldn't be a 90-year-old Armand and a 9-day-old one. And I heard enough jokes about baking soda." -Armie Hammer
"Truth, like gold, is to be obtained not by its growth, but by washing away from it all that is not gold." -Leo Tolstoy
"What really grabs me about living in Tucson is the color beige." -Max Cannon
"If I were to live my life over again, I would be an American. I would steep myself in America, I would know no other land." -Henry James
"Stupidity is the deliberate cultivation of ignorance." -William Gaddis
"I can't re-define music every week!" -Arthur Baker
"Nothing enables us to forgive like knowing in our hearts that we have been forgiven." -Lewis B. Smedes
"Parents wonder why the streams are bitter, when they themselves have poisoned the fountain." -John Locke
"It's great to do small plays in the theatre and then go off with Blur and play in front of thousands of people." -Phil Daniels
"My father has made a museum with my cuttings and photographs." -Andres Iniesta
"That's great advertising when you can turn Chicago into a city you'd want to spend more than three hours in." -Jerry Della Femina
"When archaeologists discover the missing arms of Venus de Milo, they will find she was wearing boxing gloves." -John Barrymore
"Do not give in too much to feelings. A overly sensitive heart is an unhappy possession on this shaky earth." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"For a time that you couldn't get a gig if you didn't look a certain way." -Chris Bailey
"I had then and still retain an interest in science for its own sake and as a metaphor for our current lives." -Peter Hammill
"Most of the friends you trust are those you've known for 10 years." -Amanda Eliasch
"I wear glasses and suits, so I guess I am an indie artist." -Stevie Jackson
"The people who cast the votes don't decide an election, the people who count the votes do." -Joseph Stalin
"As the family goes, so goes the nation and so goes the whole world in which we live." -Pope John Paul II
"Live and work but do not forget to play, to have fun in life and really enjoy it." -Eileen Caddy
"Having been a journalist for thirty-nine years, I've developed a pretty thick skin." -Pete Earley
"I have music inside me and I'm very lucky to be able to play music and that's the way that I try to do it." -Charlie Haden
"Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier." -Mother Teresa
"And it has some weight, I mean, the whole history of the gargoyles, that's some wonderful stuff." -Keith David
"Stillness as a technique is still really captivating to me." -Adam Baldwin
"It is like the seed put in the soil - the more one sows, the greater the harvest." -Orison Swett Marden
"The first requirement of a statesman is that he be dull." -Dean Acheson
"The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future in life." -Plato
"I'm close to both my parents and very proud of what they've achieved." -Jack Davenport
"You can design and create, and build the most wonderful place in the world. But it takes people to make the dream a reality." -Walt Disney
"From the time I was 8 until now, I've been working. My Social Security is looking solid." -Jose Garces
"If we were brought to trial for the crimes we have committed against ourselves, few would escape the gallows." -Paul Eldridge
"A wedding is a funeral where you smell your own flowers." -Eddie Cantor
"Perhaps all the dragons of our lives are princesses who are only waiting to see us once beautiful and brave." -Rainer Maria Rilke
"I'm the guy to call. Look at the resume. I have kids of my own. I have dogs." -Jeff Daniels
"I wanted to be in 'Star Wars' when I was six years old. I asked my mom for two years, and she told me I was crazy." -Jennette McCurdy
"Where the willingness is great, the difficulties cannot be great." -Niccolo Machiavelli
"Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do." -Voltaire
"Immigration in America is a highly polarized issue and there are passionate views on both sides." -Spencer Bachus
"I think there's no sacrifice too great for family, whether it's career, singing, whatever." -Anita Baker
"If I were to retire, I would keep my family's interest in the company the same and say, Don't sell." -Sheldon Adelson
"I love good rock'n'roll, blues and jazz, gospel, and a little reggae." -Jerry Hall
"Why not touch things that we hate and turn them upside down and inside out?" -Alber Elbaz
"It doesn't matter if the water is cold or warm if you're going to have to wade through it anyway." -Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
"Being busy with work, and as a mum, I'm a big fan of online shopping." -Kirsty Gallacher
"My style is quite clean, vintage, and almost French in a way." -India de Beaufort
"I cry at films and TV and even adverts." -Laura Carmichael
"I find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success." -Thomas A. Edison
"I am at peace with God. My conflict is with Man." -Charlie Chaplin
"I'm happy that I have brought laughter because I have been shown by many the value of it in so many lives, in so many ways." -Lucille Ball
"One ought to look a good deal at oneself before thinking of condemning others." -Moliere
"You gotta have a dream. If you don't have a dream, how you gonna make a dream come true?" -Oscar Hammerstein II
"He's psychologically damaged, I suppose, if you stand back and look objectively at him, but then, who isn't?" -Paul Darrow
"Never go to your high school reunion pregnant or they will think that is all you have done since you graduated." -Erma Bombeck
"People still love a good story, and I don't think that will change." -Bob Iger
"For me, the future isn't coming from the USA, like it was before." -Stefano Gabbana
"It's just fantastic to go out and meet people in the world and get to really remote places." -Ewan McGregor
"We simply attempt to be fearful when others are greedy and to be greedy only when others are fearful." -Warren Buffett
"Anger is a wind which blows out the lamp of the mind." -Robert Green Ingersoll
"I look for fun and smarts - a witty, strong sexy woman." -Josh Dallas
"For too many, to work means having less income." -Kim Campbell
"My advice to you is not to inquire why or whither, but just enjoy your ice cream while it's on your plate." -Thornton Wilder
"Unfortunately, the client that exists today is still pretty much the prototype design." -Shawn Fanning
"There are plenty of good five cent cigars in the country. The trouble is they cost a quarter." -Franklin Pierce Adams
"We built the iPod in weeks. It had to be what I thought it was going to be because there wasn't time for endless refinements." -Tony Fadell
"Be impeccable with your word." -Miguel Angel Ruiz
"The aim, if reached or not, makes great the life: Try to be Shakespeare, leave the rest to fate!" -Robert Browning
"Music is what our feelings sound like." -Vera Farmiga
"Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records." -William Arthur Ward
"The turnaround is when you have a solo in betwixt the verses. You stoppin' to have a solo." -David Edwards
"Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success." -Napoleon Hill
"Now a lot has changed and I can separate a lot of things." -Jennifer Capriati
"The important thing is to get the right players on the team so Mike can be successful." -Chuck Daly
"The most fun I ever have is sitting in with Rick writing, and we laugh at our own jokes." -Adrian Edmondson
"Each of us finds his unique vehicle for sharing with others his bit of wisdom." -Ram Dass
"I've been paying alimony since I was 14 and child support since 15. That's a joke, but not by much." -Don Adams
"Liberty is not the power of doing what we like, but the right to do what we ought." -Lord Acton
"We must use time wisely and forever realize that the time is always ripe to do right." -Nelson Mandela
"Older women are like aging strudels - the crust may not be so lovely, but the filling has come at last into its own." -Robert Farrar Capon
"I've always wanted to be an actor, but I didn't know how to become one." -Poorna Jagannathan
"The question I should have asked is not what is the rule, but what is the principle." -Andrew Fastow
"Everyone carries his own inch rule of taste, and amuses himself by applying it, triumphantly, wherever he travels." -Henry Adams
"'Do you pray for the senators, Dr. Hale?' No, I look at the senators and I pray for the country." -Edward Everett Hale
"It is by acts and not by ideas that people live." -Anatole France
"I never hid out. I was never big enough a star." -Tom T. Hall
"Chaos in the midst of chaos isn't funny, but chaos in the midst of order is." -Steve Martin
"I'm not ashamed; I work hard to look how I do." -Pooch Hall
"Content is often the reason users come to your site." -Jesse James Garrett
"Writers aren't born properly labeled so it is hard to know one when one appears." -Julianna Baggott
"Confess your sins to the Lord and you will be forgiven; confess them to man and you will be laughed at." -Josh Billings
"I am very much a people person." -Alber Elbaz
"If I had known what it would be like to have it all - I might have been willing to settle for less." -Lily Tomlin
"I played with Willie Mays and against Hank Aaron. They were tremendous players, but they were no Josh Gibson." -Monte Irvin
"It would be nice if education was free to everyone who wanted it, but that's not the world we live in." -Glenda Jackson
"A man's kiss is his signature." -Mae West
"Have all the hopes of ages come to naught? Is life no more with noble meaning fraught?" -Ada Cambridge
"He has only half learned the art of reading who has not added to it the more refined art of skipping and skimming." -Arthur Balfour
"It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness." -Charles Spurgeon
"I feel really grateful that I am in comedy, and I love doing it." -Anna Faris
"Thank you... fantasy football draft, for letting me know that even in my fantasies, I am bad at sports." -Jimmy Fallon
"My death will be caused by morphine, which I have deliberately taken with suicidal intent." -Alex Campbell
"I won't eat anything that has intelligent life, but I'd gladly eat a network executive or a politician." -Marty Feldman
"You can escape into a character." -John Candy
"MS doesn't define who I am." -Teri Garr
"This man used to go to school with his dog. Then they were separated. His dog graduated!" -Henny Youngman
"Writing is not a competitive sport. Everyone that writes has his or her own voice." -Raymond E. Feist
"How often I found where I should be going only by setting out for somewhere else." -R. Buckminster Fuller
"I'm a storyteller, not a prophet. I'm just interested in a good story." -David Eddings
"I also got a chance to go to the American Museum in New York, which helped my interest." -Robert T. Bakker
"Hollywood's a very weird place. I think there's less of everything except for attitude." -Dean Cain
"Some of our stuff ends up looking too corporate. I'm going to be a lot stricter from now on." -Evan Dando
"A story to me means a plot where there is some surprise. Because that is how life is - full of surprises." -Isaac Bashevis Singer
"The sky is filled with stars, invisible by day." -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"Flowers are the sweetest things God ever made and forgot to put a soul into." -Henry Ward Beecher
"The average dog is a nicer person than the average person." -Andy Rooney
"I see poetry as spiritual medicine." -Mahmoud Darwish
"God is sufficient in all ages for His church." -John Nelson Darby
"Smoking calms me down. It's enjoyable. I don't want politicians deciding what is exciting in my life." -David Hockney
"The time of Milosevic has long passed." -Ivica Dacic
"Enjoyment of the landscape is a thrill." -David Hockney
"For a war correspondent to miss an invasion is like refusing a date with Lana Turner." -Robert Capa
"I love being able to escape my past, even though my past was great." -Perry Farrell
"I would hope to inspire in my listeners a feeling of freedom - of speech, thought and political activity." -John Hall
"I don't think I'm a star or a celebrity or any thing like that." -Dave Attell
"Frankly, acting doesn't scare me because I really enjoy it." -Julianne Moore
"The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions." -Alfred Lord Tennyson
"Most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough money not to quit." -George Carlin
"The simpler things are, the happier they are." -Gwyneth Paltrow
"War is the ultimate reality-based horror show." -David Hackworth
"Learn to say 'no' to the good so you can say 'yes' to the best." -John C. Maxwell
"I like playing a guy who wears pants as opposed to shorts." -Diedrich Bader
"I'm the guy they used to call Deep Throat." -W. Mark Felt
"I think people should be able to do what they want to do." -Jonathan Davis
"Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light." -George Washington
"Got an issue, get a tissue." -Jeff Rich
"Father of four. I like the sound of that." -Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark
"I always believed in my ability, but I think in any sport you need that little bit of luck." -Gareth Bale
"Yesterday is but today's memory, and tomorrow is today's dream." -Khalil Gibran
"I've pretty much stopped using a laptop because I'm not line-editing a lot of things anymore." -Jill Abramson
"The process of rehearsal means you learn so much and really get the chance to develop your work on a character." -Adam Garcia
"Imagination grows by exercise, and contrary to common belief, is more powerful in the mature than in the young." -W. Somerset Maugham
"It is greed to do all the talking but not to want to listen at all." -Democritus
"One thing I always tell people. If you want to be gold medalist, you partner one." -Howard Bach
"I don't think you can be a Catholic without an accompanying measure of guilt." -Mia Farrow
"I might have to take the 12 steps to Workaholics Anonymous." -The Edge
"I live for now, not for what happens after I die." -Liam Gallagher
"I liked being in the spotlight." -Scott Caan
"New Zealand is not a small country but a large village." -Peter Jackson
"Music is essentially built upon primitive memory structures." -Morton Feldman
"I like critics with strong opinions." -Chuck Eddy
"People think how a sugar basin has no physiognomy, no soul. But it changes every day." -Paul Cezanne
"You know, a dog can snap you out of any kind of bad mood that you're in faster than you can think of." -Jill Abramson
"Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It is already tomorrow in Australia." -Charles M. Schulz
"I don't like to practice ahead of time what I'm going to say." -Geraldine Ferraro
"The dualism itself becomes a sort of presupposition or datum; its terms condition the further problem." -James Mark Baldwin
"I didn't know I was a slave until I found out I couldn't do the things I wanted." -Frederick Douglass
"She believed in nothing; only her skepticism kept her from being an atheist." -Jean-Paul Sartre
"Of course, it's imperative that we stabilize Iraq and quickly reduce our armed role there." -David Hackworth
"I was ashamed to admit I was hipped to the idea of acting. That's why I started in with the props." -John Wayne
"Crave for a thing, you will get it. Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself." -Swami Sivananda
"We try to be driven by what's a good story, what's truthful, and the drama of what happens next." -Laura Innes
"I've wanted to be an actor ever since I was a little boy." -Henry Darrow
"We could hang around for ten years and nobody would care enough to identify us. Therein lies the horror." -Eddie Campbell
"Without a common loyalty to either a state or a church they have nevertheless a vast deal in common." -Emily Greene Balch
"What we see changes who we are." -JR
"Who would ever think that so much went on in the soul of a young girl?" -Anne Frank
"Part of my success was having a place to play as a kid." -Dante Hall
"I don't think you should meet the people you most admire. I don't want reality to interfere with my image." -Ayumi Hamasaki
"I adore wearing gems, but not because they are mine. You can't possess radiance, you can only admire it." -Elizabeth Taylor
"The test of good manners is to be patient with the bad ones." -Solomon Ibn Gabirol
"We've got to win this battle, and we will. We have to win the peace." -Al D'Amato
"Every part I play is just a variant of my own personality. No real character actor, of course, just me." -Michael Gambon
"Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss." -Douglas Adams
"After Versace was murdered, the first person to call me was Mandela." -Naomi Campbell
"I feel we are all islands - in a common sea." -Anne Morrow Lindbergh
"The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time." -Mark Twain
"I spend a lot of time in California, but New York is still my main home. I go to see a lot of theater." -Zeljko Ivanek
"Freedom would be not to choose between black and white but to abjure such prescribed choices." -Theodor Adorno
"Glasgow has truly become my home away from home." -Caitriona Balfe
"Love begins by taking care of the closest ones - the ones at home." -Mother Teresa
"I like whiskey. I always did, and that is why I never drink it." -Robert E. Lee
"One of my favorite colors is no color at all." -Billy Baldwin
"One's eyes are what one is, one's mouth is what one becomes." -John Galsworthy
"I never wanted to sing. I just wanted to play rhythm guitar - hide in the back and just play." -Kurt Cobain
"If I have done the public any service, it is due to my patient thought." -Isaac Newton
"Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face." -Victor Hugo
"It takes less time to do a thing right, than it does to explain why you did it wrong." -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"The success of any great moral enterprise does not depend upon numbers." -William Lloyd Garrison
"A wise person does at once, what a fool does at last. Both do the same thing; only at different times." -Lord Acton
"I'd never had so much pleasure with another human being." -Anne Bancroft
"I love dressing up for events; to me it's almost like wearing a costume for the evening." -Tamsin Egerton
"Let there be bass." -Leo Fender
"The war, as I felt it and a lot of my compatriots felt it, was a creative act." -Lawrence Halprin
"Marriage is not common in Sweden." -Eva Gabrielsson
"Every day I think, 'Can I commit?' I think I can and that I will." -Scott Baio
"If I don't have wisdom, I can teach you only ignorance." -Leo Buscaglia
"You can never reach the promised land. You can march towards it." -James Callaghan
"Remember that creating a successful marriage is like farming: you have to start over again every morning." -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"I'm short and curvy, but I think people want to work with me for reasons other than what I look like." -Josephine de La Baume
"The guy who sits in front of the TV set with headphones on has lost the capacity to react to the tactile environment." -Peter Eisenman
"At home I have a Tibetan terrier. I'm still not sure if he's a genius or very thick. It's a fine line." -Hugh Bonneville
"I have an unconscious burglar living in my mind: If I read something, it's mine." -David Eddings
"A lie would have no sense unless the truth were felt dangerous." -Alfred Adler
"I've honestly been so lucky. I've never had a job where I didn't look forward to being on set in the morning." -Jamie Bamber
"The disease of an evil conscience is beyond the practice of all the physicians of all the countries in the would." -William E. Gladstone
"Lefty Grove could throw a lamb chop past a wolf." -Arthur Baer
"Once in his life, every man is entitled to fall madly in love with a gorgeous redhead." -Lucille Ball
"When you translate a dream into reality, it's never a full implementation. It is easier to dream than to do." -Shai Agassi
"I have big hope for the Canadian government to help Somalia with something concrete and tangible. I haven't seen that." -Hawa Abdi
"I was never really happy until I became 'Doctor Who'." -Tom Baker
"My life is my message." -Mahatma Gandhi
"I'm tired of ignoring that I march to a different beat." -Charlie Sheen
"Live interviews are more difficult to distort." -Bianca Jagger
"I'm not interested in serial dating; I'd honestly rather be single." -Tamsin Egerton
"Voyeurism is a director's job description. It's an artist's, too." -Andy Warhol
"We have to make sure the Good Friday Agreement works." -Gerry Adams
"People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do." -Isaac Asimov
"Next time I tell you someone from Texas should not be president of the United States, please pay attention." -Molly Ivins
"I like men with some belly who are a little over the hill." -Victoria Abril
"With what dope I got I think it fills me in pretty well." -Dashiell Hammett
"To get over my divorce, I got a prescription to live at the Playboy Mansion for a while." -James Caan
"He who controls the money supply of a nation controls the nation." -James A. Garfield
"I'd always enjoyed acting, but modeling was so time-consuming - and lucrative - that I didn't pursue it." -Jerry Hall
"If you have one true friend you have more than your share." -Thomas Fuller
"Humor has been the balm of my life, but it's been reserved for those close to me, not part of the public Lana." -Lana Turner
"There is only one kind of love, but there are a thousand imitations." -Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"Fortune favours the bold." -Virgil
"I feel great identification with the developing world." -Bianca Jagger
"I am trying to find myself. Sometimes that's not easy." -Marilyn Monroe
"Custom, that is before all law; Nature, that is above all art." -Samuel Daniel
"Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better man." -Benjamin Franklin
"I have a different constitution. I have a different brain; I have a different heart; I got tiger blood, man." -Charlie Sheen
"I don't think President Bush is doing anything at all about Aids. In fact, I'm not sure he even knows how to spell Aids." -Elizabeth Taylor
"The two most powerful warriors are patience and time." -Leo Tolstoy
"'9/11' came out of a swamp of hatred created by us." -George Galloway
"An American monkey, after getting drunk on brandy, would never touch it again, and thus is much wiser than most men." -Charles Darwin
"If a man belittles a woman, it could become a lawsuit. If women belittle men, it's a Hallmark card." -Warren Farrell
"No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings." -William Blake
"I would not encourage everyone to take up this profession. Not everyone is suited for any particular field." -John Cameron
"The one way to discover about aliens is to tune your radio telescope and listen to the signals." -Garik Israelian
"As a former mayor, I know that local governments must have control over land use decisions." -Elton Gallegly
"So much of my life is not about work and that is usually mainly what I do tweet about. We live a very quiet life." -Jennifer Ehle
"One of my problems is that I'm very honest and direct. You pay a price for that." -Amy Irving
"I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year." -Charles Dickens
"I have a son, who is my heart. A wonderful young man, daring and loving and strong and kind." -Maya Angelou
"I put the costume on and said 'It's not very comfortable, but it looks amazing,' so it's all good." -Chris Hemsworth
"Nothing in education is so astonishing as the amount of ignorance it accumulates in the form of inert facts." -Henry Adams
"My wife is the kind of girl who will not go anywhere without her mother, and her mother will go anywhere." -John Barrymore
"Metaphysics is a dark ocean without shores or lighthouse, strewn with many a philosophic wreck." -Immanuel Kant
"Saving animals is as simple as choosing synthetic alternatives instead of real fur." -Natalie Imbruglia
"I've gone through my whole life caring deeply what people think of me." -Andrew Garfield
"There was a moment in the early '80s when I wanted to work on films and wanted to live in L.A." -Christopher Hampton
"It's tragic when people think feminism is a dirty word." -Siobhan Fahey
"Free will carried many a soul to hell, but never a soul to heaven." -Charles Spurgeon
"I know not what others may choose but, as for me, give me liberty or give me death." -Patrick Henry
"Is there anything better than to be longing for something, when you know it is within reach?" -Greta Garbo
"My memoir is about my time in film and the decision to leave Hollywood, grow up, and stop pretending." -Lisa Jakub
"Football is like life - it requires perseverance, self-denial, hard work, sacrifice, dedication and respect for authority." -Vince Lombardi
"Adolescence is a new birth, for the higher and more completely human traits are now born." -G. Stanley Hall
"Our Irish blunders are never blunders of the heart." -Maria Edgeworth
"We have some Jewish members of Congress, not a lot but there's a bunch of us." -Gary Ackerman
"Honey, I am going to my grave with my eyelashes and my makeup on." -Tammy Faye Bakker
"I always bounce my legs when I'm sitting." -David Eagleman
"Anybody who thinks talk is cheap should get some legal advice." -Franklin P. Jones
"Love conquers all." -Virgil
"People either love me or they think I'm obnoxious. I get that." -Cheyenne Jackson
"A wise woman wishes to be no one's enemy; a wise woman refuses to be anyone's victim." -Maya Angelou
"Every 15, 20, 25 years, a new rock and roll record needs to come out and a new rock and roll band needs to come out." -Steven Adler
"Remember, sex is like a Chinese dinner. It ain't over 'til you both get your cookie." -Alec Baldwin
"I think they do a great job on Queer as Folk." -Laura Innes
"I always like to have flowers on the table. I think they make it look special." -Ina Garten
"Only choose in marriage a man whom you would choose as a friend if he were a woman." -Joseph Joubert
"There are only 3 colors, 10 digits, and 7 notes; its what we do with them that's important." -Jim Rohn
"We don't have unions in South Carolina because we don't need unions in South Carolina." -Nikki Haley
"There are a lot of unseen elements to having a successful singing career." -Lesley Garrett
"Postwar Europe was morally stagnant, and there was a lot of neo-conservatism." -Romola Garai
"Pugnacity is a form of courage, but a very bad form." -Sinclair Lewis
"An optimist may see a light where there is none, but why must the pessimist always run to blow it out?" -Rene Descartes
"In terms of achievement, the pride is very important to me. It keeps me going every day. The money is always second to me." -Weili Dai
"Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo." -H. G. Wells
"Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact." -William James
"My parents are my backbone. Still are. They're the only group that will support you if you score zero or you score 40." -Kobe Bryant
"I've played Hamlet and Coriolanus, Orlando in 'As You like It' and Ariel in 'Tempest,' among others." -Christian Camargo
"The good-news stories in medicine are early detection, early intervention." -Thomas R. Insel
"In the past, I was working out too heavy." -Jean-Claude Van Damme
"I worked for John Ford, Howard Hawks, Henry Hathaway, Raoul Walsh - I worked for some real good directors." -Richard Farnsworth
"It's unfortunate nine years were in between - you can't take that time back; you can't undo it." -Alex Van Halen
"Adjusting to the passage of time, I think, is a key to success and to life: just being able to roll with the punches." -Dolly Parton
"Know your enemy and know yourself and you can fight a hundred battles without disaster." -Sun Tzu
"Torture numbers, and they'll confess to anything." -Gregg Easterbrook
"I have been constantly betrayed and deceived all my life." -Taylor Caldwell
"Keep it simple." -Alfred Eisenstaedt
"When you are enthusiastic about what you do, you feel this positive energy. It's very simple." -Paulo Coelho
"By the time we've made it, we've had it." -Malcolm Forbes
"Man is ready to die for an idea, provided that idea is not quite clear to him." -Paul Eldridge
"The biggest mistake people make in life is not trying to make a living at doing what they most enjoy." -Malcolm Forbes
"I always feel kind of awkward when I look at pictures of myself. Watching videos of myself is really uncomfortable." -Max Irons
"Even a fiction film is hard to end. You can going on shooting and editing a documentary forever." -Leos Carax
"I want to say here and now, that I demand unshakable integrity of every State employee." -Charles Edison
"A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them." -John C. Maxwell
"To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer." -Paul R. Ehrlich
"The only source of knowledge is experience." -Albert Einstein
"I'm not a great writer." -E. L. James
"I was thought to be retarded as a child, and all the evidence indicates that I was." -Guy Davenport
"I'm not up on today's television for children, because it's mostly cartoons that don't seem to interest me." -William Jackson
"The public should always be notified as soon as possible in the event of a leak or other emergency at a nuclear facility." -Ken Calvert
"I didn't go to school a lot." -Victoria Abril
"When I was in top 40 bands, I always had to learn new material and new styles." -Kenneth Edmonds
"I have absolutely zero interest in politics." -Jerry Hall
"It is a matter of shame that in the morning the birds should be awake earlier than you." -Abu Bakr
"Under natural conditions, the soil does not lose its fixed nitrogen." -Fritz Haber
"The new information technology... Internet and e-mail... have practically eliminated the physical costs of communications." -Peter Drucker
"There were days that I literally had no reason to get out of bed. It just was so destructive for me." -Joey Lauren Adams
"I don't remember ever having finished a book." -Bridget Hall
"Why go somewhere else and start up all over again?" -John Baldacci
"Power is not something that can be assumed or discarded at will like underwear." -John Kenneth Galbraith
"He might never really do what he said, but at least he had it in mind. He had somewhere to go." -Louis L'Amour
"We have no more fundamental obligation in government than to ensure the safety of our citizens." -Bob Ehrlich
"The past is a ghost, the future a dream, and all we ever have is now." -Bill Cosby
"Do you know how many plastic surgeries are done to the actors and actresses in Hollywood?" -Joseph Jackson
"Every actor has his own identity. I don't aspire to be Bond. My quest is to do something new, something different." -Abhishek Bachchan
"I may as well say it, I have been married three times." -C. L. R. James
"I never resorted to the spitter until I was obliged to. I nearly ruined my arm throwing curves." -Red Faber
"He who risks and fails can be forgiven. He who never risks and never fails is a failure in his whole being." -Paul Tillich
"I play mostly bad guys on TV and mostly good guys in movies." -Kyle Gallner
"There is nothing constant in this world but inconsistency." -Jonathan Swift
"In the quiet moments, the discoveries are made." -Vera Farmiga
"When I was a graduate student, the leading spirits at Harvard were interested in the history of ideas." -M. H. Abrams
"Faith is about trusting God when you have unanswered questions." -Joel Osteen
"The system of heroism depends on women to be weak so men can be strong." -Susan Faludi
"Sometimes when things you love get really commercial, you end up feeling betrayed by it." -Gwyneth Paltrow
"One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation." -Arthur Ashe
"The law has no compassion. And justice is administered without compassion." -Christopher Darden
"No matter how bad things get you got to go on living, even if it kills you." -Sholom Aleichem
"Mankind fears an evil man but heaven does not." -Mencius
"As an artist, I want to interpret my feelings - not run across the street and ask what my mother thinks." -Ralph Bakshi
"Since Elizabeth, I certainly live a healthier lifestyle." -Evan Dando
"The best way to get along is never to forgive an enemy or forget a friend." -Walter Winchell
"I can forgive the body breaking down. It's a little tougher to forgive that mental lapse." -Hale Irwin
"I knew whatever I did, it was going to be big." -Scott Caan
"If I'm interested in what I'm doing, other people will be interested in it." -John Cale
"Jazz is progressive, and it's alive." -Kat Edmonson
"Violence and arms can never resolve the problems of men." -Pope John Paul II
"I am a gambler. I decided to go in with Company E in the first wave." -Robert Capa
"It was as helpful as throwing a drowning man both ends of the rope." -Arthur Baer
"Just do the best you can. No one can do more than that." -John Wooden
"As far as my favorite sites, I do a lot of mundane stuff on line because I travel so much." -Bruce Campbell
"My sister would say I'm a feeder because I like cooking for people." -Tamara Ecclestone
"I must say the idea of a United Africa was nonsense." -C. L. R. James
"With this disease it is so easy to throw in the towel, and that is the worst thing we can do." -Teri Garr
"Nothing we do, however virtuous, can be accomplished alone; therefore we are saved by love." -Reinhold Niebuhr
"I've seen the hell these people go through." -Darrell Hammond
"I find what I do for a living really funny. I mean, acting is kind of a hilarious thing for a grown man to call a job." -Christian Bale
"Whoever grows angry amid troubles applies a drug worse than the disease and is a physician unskilled about misfortunes." -Sophocles
"Circumstances are beyond human control, but our conduct is in our own power." -Benjamin Disraeli
"There are fathers who do not love their children; there is no grandfather who does not adore his grandson." -Victor Hugo
"I like studio movies; I love big commercial movies." -Casey Affleck
"Architecture is definitely a political act." -Peter Eisenman
"The decline of the aperitif may well be one of the most depressing phenomena of our time." -Luis Bunuel
"I did commit adultery, if adultery is having a relationship in a marriage with another woman. I learned from that." -Steve Garvey
"Oh, I just wish someone would try to hurt you so I could kill them for you." -Frank Sinatra
"I think trying too hard to be sexy is the worst thing in the world a woman can do." -Christian Bale
"I believe the divine is part of the world, not in a pantheistic way but by way of the movement of the Spirit." -Peter Garrett
"The doctrine of preemption has a long and distinguished history in the history of American foreign policy." -John Lewis Gaddis
"I gave it my body and mind, but I have kept my soul." -Phil Jackson
"However British you may be, I am more British still." -Henry James
"A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself." -Joseph Campbell
"I was diagnosed with everything from schizophrenia to multiple personality disorder." -Darrell Hammond
"So much is asked of parents, and so little is given." -Virginia Satir
"Stupidity is also a gift of God, but one mustn't misuse it." -Pope John Paul II
"The most satisfying thing in life is to have been able to give a large part of one's self to others." -Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
"Life's too short not to have fun with what you wear." -Ireland Baldwin
"In our society, the women who break down barriers are those who ignore limits." -Arnold Schwarzenegger
"I think a lot of people who say they are bisexual aren't." -Mark Gatiss
"People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily." -Zig Ziglar
"I need the money. People don't understand how little money you make in a band." -Evan Dando
"Passion surprises. One doesn't search it. It can happen to you tomorrow." -Isabelle Adjani
"In the future, everyone will be famous for 15 minutes." -Andy Warhol
"A small change at the beginning of the design process defines an entirely different product at the end." -Jonathan Ive
"I'm starting to find my own style." -Kara Hayward
"Some people are really drawn to technology and I liken them to artists." -Mitchell Baker
"'Star Wars' is more fairy tale than true science fiction." -Mark Hamill
"It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog." -Mark Twain
"Dialectic thought is an attempt to break through the coercion of logic by its own means." -Theodor Adorno
"As long as karma exists, the world changes. There will always be karma to be taken care of." -Nina Hagen
"Every child comes with the message that God is not yet discouraged of man." -Rabindranath Tagore
"It is reckless to make broad generalizations about any group of people." -Roger Ebert
"I am tired of talk that comes to nothing." -Chief Joseph
"Jealousy is the grave of affection." -Mary Baker Eddy
"But we did the Pink Panther not in Hollywood, in Italy." -Claudia Cardinale
"As a kid I was always a bit of a clown, a performer." -Simon Baker
"If you're writing a screenplay from scratch, it involves a lot of creation." -Philippe Falardeau
"I grew up counterculture. I'm essentially a hippie, and I'm essentially a folkie." -Steve Earle
"I really do like being independent, and I don't want to have to rely on anyone else to cart me around if I break a bone." -Blythe Danner
"Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway." -John Wayne
"Your company's most valuable asset is how it is known to its customers." -Brian Tracy
"Fame is something that is bestowed upon you because of success. Success is something you have to chase." -Noel Gallagher
"The future will use and dispose of the memories of people that we knew as history sees fit." -David Eisenhower
"And the fact that Haiti was occupied for 19 years by the United States, from 1915 to 1934." -Edwidge Danticat
"The purpose of morality is to teach you, not to suffer and die, but to enjoy yourself and live." -Ayn Rand
"I have a habit of getting very obsessive about one thing, but it usually lasts no more than three days." -Lizzy Caplan
"A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore." -Yogi Berra
"There is nothing that so much gratifies an ill tongue as when it finds an angry heart." -Thomas Fuller
"I don't I have everything I want; however, I have a lot and for that I am very grateful." -Elizabeth Daily
"Everybody's got plans... until they get hit." -Mike Tyson
"Conscience is a man's compass." -Vincent Van Gogh
"Sometimes it's hard to tell if a joke is working or not for the first couple of minutes." -Dave Attell
"When good befalls a man he calls it Providence, when evil fate." -Knut Hamsun
"I am not a big 'Hunger Games' fan." -Gillian Jacobs
"I want to be an inspirational model. I want people to look at me and say, 'Wow, she looks healthy.'" -Ireland Baldwin
"After the Battle of Midway there was a week in a rest camp at Pearl Harbor." -Jack Adams
"A mad, keen photographer needs to get out into the world and work and make mistakes." -Sam Abell
"He is great enough that is his own master." -Joseph Hall
"I don't know what it's like in the U.S. but immigrants in the U.K. do the jobs the citizens won't do." -Eddie Izzard
"Remember that a gesture of friendship, no matter how small, is always appreciated." -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"My goal is to spread ideas. Trends always start at the top." -Homaro Cantu
"I don't just come from a musical family, but from a musical community." -Lesley Garrett
"I almost had to have my leg amputated because of an infection." -Dick Dale
"Nick Lea is a great actor, and doing scenes with him was always awesome." -Matt Dallas
"The first half of our lives are ruined by our parents and the second half by our children." -Clarence Darrow
"The real meaning of enlightenment is to gaze with undimmed eyes on all darkness." -Nikos Kazantzakis
"I have a naturally camp sensibility and a camp sense of humour. I love the icons that gay people love." -Siobhan Fahey
"Society exists only as a mental concept; in the real world there are only individuals." -Oscar Wilde
"He who wishes to be obeyed must know how to command." -Niccolo Machiavelli
"I never hated a man enough to give him diamonds back." -Zsa Zsa Gabor
"Try not to have a good time... this is supposed to be educational." -Charles M. Schulz
"Our goal: the Islamization of Muslims. Our methods: to believe and to struggle." -Alija Izetbegovic
"Suffrage is the pivotal right." -Susan B. Anthony
"In art as in love, instinct is enough." -Anatole France
"Today, in American imperialism, the commodity has reached its most grandiose historical manifestation." -C. L. R. James
"There's a certain gravity in Stokes, due to the situations I have to handle." -Thayer David
"My mother's been married many, many times and grew up believing in love like that. It's remarkable." -Sherilyn Fenn
"If you can dream it, you can do it." -Walt Disney
"Growing up in New York City, I was always encouraged to question authority, and I think I confused patriotism with jingoism." -Claire Danes
"Being anxious is the worst feeling in the world." -Enrique Iglesias
"I'm sorry I didn't wear paint this morning. I tend not to wear it unless I'm getting highly paid." -Tyne Daly
"The life ahead can only be glorious if you learn to live in total harmony with the Lord." -Sai Baba
"A low budget is uncomfortable." -Lukas Haas
"Good nature is worth more than knowledge, more than money, more than honor, to the persons who possess it." -Henry Ward Beecher
"I was actually cut out of 'L.A. Story'... and rightfully so." -Scott Bakula
"Auschwitz stands as a tragic reminder of the terrible potential man has for violence and inhumanity." -Billy Graham
"Dreams are true while they last, and do we not live in dreams?" -Alfred Lord Tennyson
"You have your way. I have my way. As for the right way, the correct way, and the only way, it does not exist." -Friedrich Nietzsche
"The temptations are great to simply retreat to the domain of private life and give up on our public problems." -Lee H. Hamilton
"If evolution really works, how come mothers only have two hands?" -Milton Berle
"The idea that women journalists bring a different taste in stories or sensibility isn't true." -Jill Abramson
"After one look at this planet any visitor from outer space would say 'I want to see the manager.'" -William S. Burroughs
"For know that no one is free, except Zeus." -Aeschylus
"All I ever wanted to do was act." -Anthony Daniels
"People put so much effort into starting a relationship and so little effort into ending one." -Marina Abramovic
"People sort of know me for that solo piano music I did." -John Cale
"I'd really like to play bad guys or guys that have something a little bit off about them. And I get to do that periodically." -Scott Bakula
"While Social Security faces some long-term challenges, the system is not in crisis." -Chaka Fattah
"I briefly thought of becoming a priest but quickly saw that would be ridiculous." -Armando Iannucci
"I can't deal with someone flashy. That's so not me." -Kate Bosworth
"I am not young enough to know everything." -James M. Barrie
"Sin brought death, and death will disappear with the disappearance of sin." -Mary Baker Eddy
"I'm a bit of a night owl because that's when I feel the most creative and alive." -Christina Aguilera
"We're a staple in the American music culture. Like us or not, we're here to stay." -Jonathan Cain
"I am a fighter. I'm not just there to go along and get along." -Michele Bachmann
"It is impossible to love and to be wise." -Francis Bacon
"Men get to be a mixture of the charming mannerisms of the women they have known." -F. Scott Fitzgerald
"I watch every reality show out there." -Shannon Elizabeth
"There's no credit in not doing what you don't want to do. There's no virtue in not falling, when you're not tempted." -Gilbert Parker
"Love is a trap. When it appears, we see only its light, not its shadows." -Paulo Coelho
"The progress of evolution from President Washington to President Grant was alone evidence to upset Darwin." -Henry Adams
"My strength is as the strength of ten, because my heart is pure." -Alfred Lord Tennyson
"Political Freedom without economic equality is a pretense, a fraud, a lie; and the workers want no lying." -Mikhail Bakunin
"The atmosphere seems to change once the sun goes down and the race fans get to watch a good show." -Dale Earnhardt
"I went to a restaurant that serves 'breakfast at any time'. So I ordered French Toast during the Renaissance." -Steven Wright
"I live in a sort of insular world. It's mostly my family, my house, staying home and working." -Mark Hamill
"Computers, like automobiles and airplanes, do only what people tell them to do." -Bill James
"Hold back the tide. Keep your kids innocent as long as possible." -Tony Danza
"Every argument on lynching in the South gets back sooner or later to the question of rape." -Ray Stannard Baker
"First, I have to thank God for giving me the gift that he did as well as a second chance for a better life." -Oksana Baiul
"Here's to the pilot that weathered the storm." -George Canning
"I'm for truth, no matter who tells it. I'm for justice, no matter who it's for or against." -Malcolm X
"I'm an idealist. I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way." -Carl Sandburg
"With bombs and fires, you get only one mistake." -Red Adair
"I do live like a rock star, but it's not as great as it sounds. It's a lot of traveling." -Ron White
"I'm just like you. I enjoy the forbidden fruits in life, too." -Mike Tyson
"If you give me Times Square, I want to give it back to the people." -JR
"It's always too early to quit." -Norman Vincent Peale
"I got to experience soccer at the highest level at a young age; I decided I wanted to be part of that for as long as possible." -Mia Hamm
"I've never played a hero before so I jumped at the chance." -Adrian Edmondson
"Our problem is not to find better values but to be faithful to those we profess." -John W. Gardner
"That's the reason they're called lessons, because they lesson from day to day." -Lewis Carroll
"I'm a very bad citizen. I've never even voted." -Jerry Hall
"I always look for contradiction in a character." -Rebecca Hall
"Behind every cloud is another cloud." -Judy Garland
"Limits, like fear, is often an illusion." -Michael Jordan
"There wasn't so many ISSUES like there are today. It was a simpler time." -Wanda Jackson
"The time is always right to do what is right." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
"Nigera is what it is because its leaders are not what they should be." -Chinua Achebe
"No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow." -Alice Walker
"It's best to leap into something you know you love. You might change your mind later, but that is the privilege of youth." -Charles Kuralt
"I think by laying it out for the viewer I'm avoiding the issue of bias." -Dan Abrams
"Courage is grace under pressure." -Ernest Hemingway
"It's fear of being afraid that frightens me more than anything else." -Jerome Cady
"I always wanted to be with a woman who has the same mindset and wants to look after me like my mum." -Gareth Gates
"A tale is born from an image, and the image extends and creates a network of meanings that are always equivocal." -Italo Calvino
"The Americans have always been food, sex, and spirit revivalists." -Edward Dahlberg
"It is likely that we need more radiation to improve our longevity." -John Cameron
"If my life was a song the title would be 'Naima'." -Naima Adedapo
"No pressure, no diamonds." -Thomas Carlyle
"I have much to say about the pain I've felt and seen inside of prison. It has been an eye-opening and harrowing experience." -Lane Garrison
"Even cowards can endure hardship; only the brave can endure suspense." -Mignon McLaughlin
"Acting in 'Star Wars' I felt like a raisin in a giant fruit salad, and I didn't even know who the cantaloupes were." -Mark Hamill
"If there is a supreme being, he's crazy." -Marlene Dietrich
"I like playing for the purple and gold. This is where I want to finish up." -Kobe Bryant
"Men are more easily governed through their vices than through their virtues." -Napoleon Bonaparte
"One lady wrote me and told me how she wants to see me get beat up and near death and that kind of stuff." -George Eads
"The family is the first essential cell of human society." -Pope John XXIII
"Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity." -George S. Patton
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence." -Helen Keller
"Yes I try to do everything I can not to fail hideously." -Bob Balaban
"I'm gonna perform on one of the nights. Good clean fun; we're not going to jail. For the record." -Luther Campbell
"I know you are here to kill me. Shoot, coward, you are only going to kill a man." -Che Guevara
"I had to inspect all fighter units in Russia, Africa, Sicily, France, and Norway. I had to be everywhere." -Adolf Galland
"There is not love where there is no will." -Indira Gandhi
"Our plans never turn out as tasty as reality." -Ram Dass
"Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose." -Bill Gates
"The more the marbles wastes, the more the statue grows." -Michelangelo
"My biggest regret is putting my body through fad diets - Atkins, cleanses, the hCG diet." -Jennie Garth
"Our trials, our sorrows, and our grieves develop us." -Orison Swett Marden
"I've done a whole lot of things. I've had the pleasure of introducing two presidents, several senators and congressmen." -Roy Acuff
"It's no secret what's going on in baseball. At least half the players are using steroids." -Ken Caminiti
"It was lovely to do The Knock because I haven't done anything really significant since Doctor Who." -Colin Baker
"When you're younger - duh - you don't really have the tools to deal with certain things in your life." -Scott Ian
"My father was somewhat to the right of Genghis Khan." -Lawrence Eagleburger
"American politics is theatre. There is a frightening emotionalism at national conventions." -Robert Dallek
"A minute's success pays the failure of years." -Robert Browning
"Follow your honest convictions and be strong." -William Makepeace Thackeray
"I've had some people tell me they're glad I'm a normal girl. Of course I'm a normal girl!" -Katie Featherston
"Really I don't like human nature unless all candied over with art." -Virginia Woolf
"We get criticized for showing no personality, then we get penalized when we do." -Lindsay Davenport
"Like all pure creatures, cats are practical." -William S. Burroughs
"A designer is an emerging synthesis of artist, inventor, mechanic, objective economist and evolutionary strategist." -R. Buckminster Fuller
"As an author you hope your characters have sparks but truly in the end they have minds of their own!" -Melissa de la Cruz
"My father... had sharper eyes than the rest of our people." -Chief Joseph
"Form must have a content, and that content must be linked with nature." -Alvar Aalto
"San Franciscans have a bond of self-satisfaction bordering on smugness." -Herb Caen
"It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important." -Arthur Conan Doyle
"I could, as a free man, look across the bay toward the Eastern Shore where I was born a slave." -Frederick Douglass
"As a general rule, I don't plan to travel with my Oscars, but we may have to make an exception." -Paul Haggis
"To die is poignantly bitter, but the idea of having to die without having lived is unbearable." -Erich Fromm
"Whatever else has been said about me personally is unimportant. When I sing, I believe. I'm honest." -Frank Sinatra
"I am close - too close - with my family." -Britt Robertson
"A girl phoned me the other day and said... 'Come on over, there's nobody home.' I went over. Nobody was home." -Rodney Dangerfield
"A peace that depends on fear is nothing but a suppressed war." -Henry Van Dyke
"You know what I'm doing starting 1st November? Jesus Christ Superstar." -Sebastian Bach
"I feel the need to work with my wife, Lena Olin, again." -Lasse Hallstrom
"The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another." -William James
"Don't let your sins turn into bad habits." -Saint Teresa of Avila
"Many a treasure besides Ali Baba's is unlocked with a verbal key." -Henry Van Dyke
"The more faithfully you listen to the voices within you, the better you will hear what is sounding outside." -Dag Hammarskjold
"Cinnamon bites and kisses simultaneously." -Vanna Bonta
"Those who don't know history are destined to repeat it." -Edmund Burke
"It's the little details that are vital. Little things make big things happen." -John Wooden
"I believe that acting in any medium is the same thing, it's discovering the truth in where you are." -Victor Garber
"Our American professors like their literature clear and cold and pure and very dead." -Sinclair Lewis
"I'm uneasy with fame so I do my best to avoid places that will bring me more attention." -Sade Adu
"The goal of all inanimate objects is to resist man and ultimately defeat him." -Russell Baker
"Take a step back, evaluate what is important, and enjoy life." -Teri Garr
"I love my beauty. It's not my fault." -Valentino Garavani
"The heart will break, but broken live on." -Lord Byron
"True life is lived when tiny changes occur." -Leo Tolstoy
"If people say something rude or off-color, you have to take it with a grain of salt, because they don't know you." -Chris Daughtry
"Everyone always told me that I had the symptoms of a P.O.W." -Darrell Hammond
"I'm going to become the Pope next year. Nothing is impossible." -Brenda Fassie
"Revolution in the modern case is no longer an uncouth business." -Garet Garrett
"A man who views the world the same at fifty as he did at twenty has wasted thirty years of his life." -Muhammad Ali
"If you do big things they print your face, and if you do little things they print only your thumbs." -Arthur Baer
"Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice." -Wayne Dyer
"Everyone has a right to a university degree in America, even if it's in Hamburger Technology." -Clive James
"The work of Nigeria is not complete for as long as there is any one Nigerian who goes to bed on empty stomach." -Ibrahim Babangida
"You may get skinned knees and elbows, but it's worth it if you score a spectacular goal." -Mia Hamm
"In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
"I'm bored with that line. I never use it anymore. My new line is 'In 15 minutes everybody will be famous.'" -Andy Warhol
"I wish I could write as mysterious as a cat." -Edgar Allan Poe
"Sinn Fein has the potential and capacity to become the vehicle for the attainment of republican objectives." -Gerry Adams
"A life lived unexplored is a life not worth living." -Kirk Hammett
"Victory belongs to the most persevering." -Napoleon Bonaparte
"I was more interested in skating and the girls and traveling than I was in calculus." -Scott Hamilton
"Always write angry letters to your enemies. Never mail them." -James Fallows
"I grew up reading comic books. Super hero comic books, Archie comic books, horror comic books, you name it." -Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa
"When we are on tour we also take chances." -Jan Garbarek
"Put off thy cares with thy clothes; so shall thy rest strengthen thy labor, and so thy labor sweeten thy rest." -Francis Quarles
"I'm proud to be a Democrat." -Russ Feingold
"A good End cannot sanctify evil Means; nor must we ever do Evil, that Good may come of it." -William Penn
"Life is like a wheel. Sooner or later, it always come around to where you started again." -Stephen King
"Any time you talk about your own stuff you sound self-aggrandising." -Chris Isaak
"Taking stock of what you own, when done correctly and thoroughly, helps dampen the urge to shop frivolously." -Nina Garcia
"After that, I specifically started writing lyrics. I would like sweat and think and get it all together." -Jim Capaldi
"There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly." -R. Buckminster Fuller
"Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God and angels know of us." -Thomas Paine
"A book should serve as the ax for the frozen sea within us." -Franz Kafka
"It is in the character of very few men to honor without envy a friend who has prospered." -Aeschylus
"I went out as a free agent in Boston and had a great year and I priced myself out of there market, at the time." -Johnny Damon
"We who officially value freedom of speech above life itself seem to have nothing to talk about but the weather." -Barbara Ehrenreich
"Milk is for babies. When you grow up you have to drink beer." -Arnold Schwarzenegger
"If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything." -Mark Twain
"Don't reinvent the wheel, just realign it." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
"A country song is a song about life." -Alan Jackson
"This would only come if you have a revolutionary change in technology like the jet brought about." -Adolf Galland
"I use Graf Edmonton for boots and John Wilson blades." -Oksana Baiul
"Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Any idea, plan, or purpose may be placed in the mind through repetition of thought." -Napoleon Hill
"Not often do you approach a character where people know more about him than you do." -Chris Hemsworth
"Autumn wins you best by this its mute appeal to sympathy for its decay." -Robert Browning
"On this team, we're all united in a common goal: to keep my job." -Lou Holtz
"When I was a kid, I went from ground zero to Pluto. The first place I played was the Houston Astrodome." -Leif Garrett
"The best songs I write in 20 minutes." -Evan Dando
"Positivity is such a high predicator of success rates." -Shawn Achor
"Fear of something is at the root of hate for others, and hate within will eventually destroy the hater." -George Washington Carver
"I love super crispy, almost burned, snapping-crispy bacon." -David Lynch
"We need it to capture the energy of contemporary life." -John Eaton
"We are like chameleons, we take our hue and the color of our moral character, from those who are around us." -John Locke
"You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else." -Albert Einstein
"When I started at XCRF in 1960, Mexico was the most lenient country in the world when it came to radio." -Wolfman Jack
"I would have been content to just do studio work, making it on my own never really entered my mind." -Glen Campbell
"It's always weird to shoot when you're really basically not wearing anything." -Lisa Edelstein
"It's a terrible thing to go through life thinking that you have a rock on your side when you haven't." -Maria Callas
"I am reactive." -Derek Bailey
"To reach a port, we must sail - sail, not tie at anchor - sail, not drift." -Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Domestic inflation reflects domestic monetary policy." -Martin Feldstein
"The intelligent are to the intelligentsia what a gentleman is to a gent." -Stanley Baldwin
"For the larger interest of humanity, Islamic society presents the safest place on this planet." -Jermaine Jackson
"We need to get rid of the Federal Elections Commission. It's a joke. It doesn't enforce the law." -Russ Feingold
"God created paper for the purpose of drawing architecture on it. Everything else is, at least for me, an abuse of paper." -Alvar Aalto
"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing." -Socrates
"You can't save kids just with vaccines." -Melinda Gates
"Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are." -Kurt Cobain
"I'm afraid, based on my own experience, that fascism will come to America in the name of national security." -Jim Garrison
"The greater the obstacle, the more glory in overcoming it." -Moliere
"I first discovered my turn of pace when I was playing football as a kid." -Michael East
"A son can bear with equanimity the loss of his father, but the loss of his inheritance may drive him to despair." -Niccolo Machiavelli
"When a marriage culture fails, sexual desire no longer unites; instead it fragments." -Maggie Gallagher
"Love your neighbor as yourself; but don't take down the fence." -Carl Sandburg
"I have looked into your eyes with my eyes. I have put my heart near your heart." -Pope John XXIII
"My motto is, 'Never quit.'" -Henry Rollins
"I am sure that as a woman I can do a very good skyscraper." -Zaha Hadid
"I'd like to go to the Moon." -Jeanne Calment
"There are few more impressive sights in the world than a Scotsman on the make." -James M. Barrie
"If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of." -Bruce Lee
"A lot of people seem to want to make the institution of marriage substitute for a real relationship." -Susan Faludi
"Tampa's crazy... The ladies in Tampa come in all flavors. I felt like I was at Dairy Queen." -Luther Campbell
"I feel really assured by the fact that the women I have loved I have loved for always." -Alain Badiou
"Life can be pulled by goals just as surely as it can be pushed by drives." -Viktor E. Frankl
"I have the most ridiculous TV crush on Michael McIntyre. I fell in love watching him on 'Britain's Got Talent'." -Geri Halliwell
"Never think that war, no matter how necessary, nor how justified, is not a crime." -Ernest Hemingway
"Women are naturally secretive, and they like to do their own secreting." -Arthur Conan Doyle
"I look at every business and ask, How long can this last? How can I identify the status quo and change it?" -Sheldon Adelson
"If I like something, I get it and I put it on." -Liam Gallagher
"I keep everything very simple. I like telling stories." -Michael Fassbender
"I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times." -Bruce Lee
"I was dreaming I was on the Sullivan Show." -Freddy Fender
"Railroads are the primary economic beneficiaries. It's a difficult project for the public sector." -John Gates
"I would never do another sitcom. It was so boring I wanted to pull my fingernails off." -Daniel Baldwin
"There is more treasure in books than in all the pirate's loot on Treasure Island." -Walt Disney
"When I see the American flag, I go, 'Oh my God, you're insulting me.'" -Janeane Garofalo
"I have a collection of lucky pennies, and I like to carry some of them with me. So far, they seem to be working!" -Joanna Garcia
"We used to go to Studio 54 - an amazing place." -Jerry Hall
"It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it." -Aristotle
"You exist only in what you do." -Federico Fellini
"I'm a TV addict." -Shanola Hampton
"I define fear as standing across the ring from Joe Louis and knowing he wants to go home early." -Max Baer
"It is a great shock at the age of five or six to find that in a world of Gary Coopers you are the Indian." -James Baldwin
"Art is the most intense mode of individualism that the world has known." -Oscar Wilde
"Never, for the sake of peace and quiet, deny your own experience or convictions." -Dag Hammarskjold
"If it's illegal to rock and roll, throw my ass in jail!" -Kurt Cobain
"A nation' s strength ultimately consists in what it can do on its own, and not in what it can borrow from others." -Indira Gandhi
"When you talk about rap you have to understand that rap is part of the Hip-Hop culture." -Afrika Bambaataa
"We often give our enemies the means for our own destruction." -Aesop
"I have a TV Soap Boomerang award, and I always start my year with the Australian Open tennis! Tennis, soccer, you name it." -Doug Davidson
"I must uphold my ideals, for perhaps the time will come when I shall be able to carry them out." -Anne Frank
"The music and airlines businesses are tough, but I've been successful in them." -Tony Fernandes
"American dreams are strongest in the hearts of those who have seen America only in their dreams." -Pico Iyer
"Grown men do not need leaders." -Edward Abbey
"I figure if I have my health, can pay the rent and I have my friends, I call it 'content.'" -Lauren Bacall
"I loved education, and, yes, I did want to go on learning." -Arthur Hailey
"Depression, if it's an unconsciously elected experience, is a luxury." -Jesse Eisenberg
"I was a musician first before anything." -Jencarlos Canela
"A country's adhering to the rule of law does not mean that its citizens will not do bad things." -James Inhofe
"Happiness depends more on how life strikes you than on what happens." -Andy Rooney
"People ask the difference between a leader and a boss. The leader leads, and the boss drives." -Theodore Roosevelt
"Hello Kitty will never speak." -Pico Iyer
"But ya have to make videos in the States. Usually ours just look too serious. We haven't got it together." -Evan Dando
"Music tells no truths." -Philip James Bailey
"Badminton in Beijing is huge - it's one of their top three sports." -Howard Bach
"Your goals are the road maps that guide you and show you what is possible for your life." -Les Brown
"I don't even call it violence when it's in self defense; I call it intelligence." -Malcolm X
"I was born with an enormous need for affection, and a terrible need to give it." -Audrey Hepburn
"Wouldn't you like to have heard the voice of Shakespeare, or Jesus Christ?" -Henry Irving
"It is conceivable that what is unified form to the author or composer may of necessity be formless to his audience." -Charles Ives
"I've just been very, very lucky with the film having been introduced in the right way." -Atom Egoyan
"An investor doesn't have a prayer of picking a manager that can deliver true alpha." -Eugene Fama
"Turn your scars into stars." -Robert H. Schuller
"Some of those men in power, we just have to change their faces because we're not going to change their minds." -Patricia Ireland
"I have been extremely touched by these signs of affection on the part of all the Thai people." -Bhumibol Adulyadej
"Sometimes dreams are wiser than waking." -Black Elk
"He who postpones the hour of living is like the rustic who waits for the river to run out before he crosses." -Horace
"Histories are more full of examples of the fidelity of dogs than of friends." -Alexander Pope
"I never stop working when I'm on stage, and that's my fitness." -Jessie J
"If you are an actress in L.A., on your 40th birthday they should just hand you the keys to the lunatic asylum." -Romola Garai
"I am immersed in architecture all day, working in my office or teaching." -Peter Eisenman
"The fact is, society is made more hospitable by every individual who acts as if 'do unto others' really was a rule." -Gary Hamel
"Beware of your habits. The better they are the more surely they will be your undoing." -Holbrook Jackson
"Every man has his own destiny: the only imperative is to follow it, to accept it, no matter where it leads him." -Henry Miller
"When I have a camera in my hand, I know no fear." -Alfred Eisenstaedt
"There are certain things people always bring up with me. The accident. The drugs. And how tight my pants were." -Leif Garrett
"We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
"The voice of the intellect is a soft one, but it does not rest until it has gained a hearing." -Sigmund Freud
"Christians should be ready for a change because Jesus was the greatest changer in history." -Ralph Abernathy
"My own cabaret is constantly evolving with what is occurring in my own life, so motherhood is a natural addition to it." -Susan Egan
"When you cease to dream you cease to live." -Malcolm Forbes
"Performance has to be mainstream art. This is what I'm fighting for." -Marina Abramovic
"Ignorance is never out of style. It was in fashion yesterday, it is the rage today and it will set the pace tomorrow." -Frank Dane
"I've been very ill. You just have to trust the Lord." -Tammy Faye Bakker
"He will never have true friends who is afraid of making enemies." -William Hazlitt
"Love places someone else in the centre of your being and your own self is blurred." -Mohsin Hamid
"Everything is always a little surreal." -Paula Abdul
"I do not see scales as abstract." -James Galway
"Reality TV rots people's brains." -Georgia Jagger
"Some newspapers are fit only to line the bottom of bird cages." -Spiro T. Agnew
"A coach is someone who can give correction without causing resentment." -John Wooden
"Sometimes I just walk through; I just show up, as in The Other Sister." -Hector Elizondo
"The whole 'School of Rock' experience was really cool, and just meeting new people from all over." -Caitlin Hale
"It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves." -William Shakespeare
"Ambition - it is the last infirmity of noble minds." -James M. Barrie
"In my experience it's not essential to get on with the person that you're acting opposite." -Hugh Dancy
"Families are struggling against a tide of junk information on junk food." -Diane Abbott
"Organizing is what you do before you do something, so that when you do it, it is not all mixed up." -A. A. Milne
"Acting forces me to socialise, which is good for me, I think." -Jesse Eisenberg
"Bureaucracy is a giant mechanism operated by pygmies." -Honore de Balzac
"I want to be with those who know secret things or else alone." -Rainer Maria Rilke
"Sometimes, you feel like you've sold your soul. But if I win the lottery, I'm going to buy it back." -Mark Addy
"Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil." -Baltasar Gracian
"We live a life that is often spent in crowds - parties, festivals and first nights - so it's nice to avoid them." -Julian Fellowes
"Even a minor event in the life of a child is an event of that child's world and thus a world event." -Gaston Bachelard
"I never really wanted to be a model. But when the opportunity came, I grabbed it." -Maud Adams
"I do use an electric violin. Actually, my regular electric violin, which I sometimes use, is by Ned Steinburger." -Aleksey Igudesman
"No one ever lacks a good reason for suicide." -Cesare Pavese
"In advertising, not to be different is virtual suicide." -Thornton Wilder
"Sense shines with a double luster when it is set in humility. An able yet humble man is a jewel worth a kingdom." -William Penn
"I've got my dad's height and smoking habit. But I think I've got my mum's looks and sensibilities." -Max Irons
"There is such a thing as a national conscience, and it can be touched." -Charles Kuralt
"And it is essential that in fighting terrorism, sacrifices should not be made on democracy." -Bulent Ecevit
"I think I always just want to get better at whatever I'm doing... Always strive for excellence." -Carl Hagelin
"Twenty-two is just such a random age. It's a little blah." -Jennifer Damiano
"I see possibilities in everything. For everything that's taken away, something of greater value has been given." -Michael J. Fox
"To be a good actor you have to feel life and observe life." -Lane Garrison
"We live in our fantasies and endure our realities." -Robert Anton Wilson
"We all love Linux, but it's also a fact that some people might not be able to migrate." -Miguel de Icaza
"Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success." -Swami Sivananda
"My dream is to try to reach as many kids and readers who might need an unlikely hero to connect to." -Tim Federle
"You're talking serious money already in the bank, and millions of dollars coming in every year." -Neil Abercrombie
"My relationship with my father is pretty non-existent." -Joey Lauren Adams
"If you are lonely when you're alone, you are in bad company." -Jean-Paul Sartre
"Thus we have at least a national song that unites all Germans, and is the symbol of our sixty-million nation." -Friedrich Ebert
"I wish I had had my books when I was a kid, I do." -Paula Danziger
"It's very difficult to talk about religion in Iran because religion has gotten so mixed up with politics." -Asghar Farhadi
"If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other." -Mother Teresa
"I've started looking at my own father a bit funny. He assures me, though, that I really am the son of a Scottish postman." -Craig Ferguson
"My older sister is bossy, my brother is a stirrer and me - well, I am perfect!" -Jenny Eclair
"Necessity of action takes away the fear of the act, and makes bold resolution the favorite of fortune." -Francis Quarles
"It doesn't matter whether I qualify or wildcards." -Jennifer Capriati
"We still have pretty good sales, especially for the art books." -Glenn Danzig
"Stegosaurus was common only on well drained, dry soil." -Robert T. Bakker
"Good acting is consistency of performance." -Jim Dale
"I'm so thankful for my one year at regular high school in White Plains." -Jennifer Damiano
"As long as I'm learning something, I figure I'm OK - it's a decent day." -Hunter S. Thompson
"No doubt, my role in 'Urumi' has been one of my best so far. It surprised me as an actor and made me more confident." -Genelia D'Souza
"From there to here, and here to there, funny things are everywhere." -Dr. Seuss
"If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door." -Milton Berle
"Fortitude is the guard and support of the other virtues." -John Locke
"I only did my duty to my country when I tried to oppose the criminal folly of Hitler." -Wilhelm Canaris
"I apologize for lying to you. I promise I won't deceive you except in matters of this sort." -Spiro T. Agnew
"When you believe in what you're doing and use your imagination and initiative, you can make a difference." -Samuel Dash
"Hide nothing, for time, which sees all and hears all, exposes all." -Sophocles
"For the person for whom small things do not exist, the great is not great." -Jose Ortega y Gasset
"You find out who your real friends are when you're involved in a scandal." -Elizabeth Taylor
"Envy's a coal comes hissing hot from Hell." -Philip James Bailey
"I have this one little saying, when things get too heavy just call me helium, the lightest known gas to man." -Jimi Hendrix
"I suffer from everyday life." -Italo Calvino
"In my case, a papadaddy is a father. My paternal grandfather was called Papa by my father who was called Daddy by me." -Clyde Edgerton
"I ain't ever had a job, I just always played baseball." -Satchel Paige
"Genius, like truth, has a shabby and neglected mien." -Edward Dahlberg
"I'm not afraid to say I'm very comfortable with who I am and I love who I love." -Jessie J
"Lies suck; they tear you apart from the inside out." -Tyler Hamilton
"I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones." -John Cage
"I always knew I belonged on the other side of the lens." -Kathy Ireland
"I love hearing people laugh." -James Gandolfini
"A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous." -Coco Chanel
"Have you ever wondered what your subconscious mind looks like? Well today, I can show you." -David Icke
"Baseball changes through the years. It gets milder." -Babe Ruth
"Make no mistake, tax cheaters cheat us all, and the IRS should enforce our laws to the letter." -Tom Daschle
"Plans are only good intentions unless they immediately degenerate into hard work." -Peter Drucker
"My wife was too beautiful for words, but not for arguments." -John Barrymore
"The guns and the bombs, the rockets and the warships, are all symbols of human failure." -Lyndon B. Johnson
"Let us tenderly and kindly cherish, therefore, the means of knowledge. Let us dare to read, think, speak, and write." -John Adams
"I'll settle for successful during my lifetime because at least I can be conscious of the delusion that it means something." -Claire Cameron
"I don't understand why people would want to get rid of pigeons. They don't bother no one." -Mike Tyson
"I never really liked my short hair; it never occurred to me that people would want it." -Dorothy Hamill
"I'm a human being and every human being has problems." -Jonathan Davis
"My children have become popular, and they show a tremendous love for the public. They're professionals." -Julio Iglesias
"The most positive men are the most credulous." -Alexander Pope
"Mix a little foolishness with your serious plans. It is lovely to be silly at the right moment." -Horace
"Diligence is the mother of good fortune." -Benjamin Disraeli
"I am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best." -Benjamin Disraeli
"When a thing ceases to be a subject of controversy, it ceases to be a subject of interest." -William Hazlitt
"Talk low, talk slow and don't say too much." -John Wayne
"The most desirable aspects of the Law of the Sea Treaty pertain to navigational rights." -Frank Gaffney
"My wife is Dutch and very independent. She never wanted or needed to be married." -Julio Iglesias
"I want to show up to work and take risks. I don't ever want to play it safe." -James Badge Dale
"An agenda is not a bad thing." -Kathy Ireland
"To every action there is always opposed an equal reaction." -Isaac Newton
"Silence is true wisdom's best reply." -Euripides
"Kennedy cooked the soup that Johnson had to eat." -Konrad Adenauer
"Loneliness adds beauty to life. It puts a special burn on sunsets and makes night air smell better." -Henry Rollins
"There's a whole catalogue of actors that never went to acting school." -Dennis Farina
"There are only two lasting bequests we can hope to give our children. One of these is roots, the other, wings." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"It is folly for a man to pray to the gods for that which he has the power to obtain by himself." -Epicurus
"Get up, stand up, Stand up for your rights. Get up, stand up, Don't give up the fight." -Bob Marley
"I'm a director's actor; I'm a storyteller's actor." -Michael Ironside
"Some of my best leading men have been dogs and horses." -Elizabeth Taylor
"The speed of the leader is the speed of the gang." -Mary Kay Ash
"What a song is is a subjective thing. There's no one real definition for it." -The Edge
"Your library is your portrait." -Holbrook Jackson
"Acting is my passion, and Chelsea FC is my hobby." -Phil Daniels
"I've got two families." -Merle Haggard
"I love bikes. I used to own one, but I fell off it when I was younger and that was the end of my bike riding days until now." -Idris Elba
"Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Synergy is better than my way or your way. It's our way." -Stephen Covey
"You ever try to go a day without judgment?" -Max Cannon
"Love you will find only where you may show yourself weak without provoking strength." -Theodor Adorno
"I moonlight as a singer." -Bryan Adams
"Nobody really believes in equality anyway." -Warren Farrell
"A life without fame can be a good life, but fame without a life is no life at all." -Clive James
"I'd love a signed first edition of 'City of Glass' by Paul Auster. My favourite book of all time." -Steven Hall
"When I wake up, I always drink tons of Guayaki organic yerba mate tea." -Lisa Edelstein
"My childhood was very colourful, and I am very good friends with both my parents. We have no secrets." -Rebecca Hall
"It is not sacrifice if you love what you're doing." -Mia Hamm
"Your children need your presence more than your presents." -Jesse Jackson
"You turned on the radio and heard all kinds of things." -Luc Ferrari
"It's very rare to have rehearsal time on a television show: You get scripts, you show up, and you do it." -Tony Hale
"On stage, we just want to generate hysteria. We don't care about looking cool or posing." -Adrian Edmondson
"We have a partnership deal with New Line Records, which is part of New Line Cinema, and... I worked on that." -James Iha
"It's hard to tell the story if you're not involved yourself, emotionally." -Chiwetel Ejiofor
"I'm more of an adventurous type than a relationship type." -Bob Dylan
"True happiness is... to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future." -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"I have musical ADD, so I like to switch things up." -Casey Abrams
"Even if I'm playing a superhero, it has to be steeped in reality." -Michael Fassbender
"I love variety in my life." -Elisabetta Canalis
"The past is a great place and I don't want to erase it or to regret it, but I don't want to be its prisoner either." -Mick Jagger
"Stupid people are ruining America." -Herman Cain
"Poorer students take out larger loans and will have to contribute more to the cost of higher education." -Anne Campbell
"Never reach out your hand unless you're willing to extend an arm." -Pope Paul VI
"In every business, in every industry, management does matter." -Michael Eisner
"We need to stop saying we can't rock this boat when it needs to be rocked." -Sibel Edmonds
"I cured with the power that came through me." -Black Elk
"Rap music is the only vital form of music introduced since punk rock." -Kurt Cobain
"Can a nation be free if it oppresses other nations? It cannot." -Vladimir Lenin
"As between mileage and experience choose experience." -Clifton Fadiman
"It's so exciting to headline a film. It's not every day you see a Latina carrying a full-length feature." -Aimee Garcia
"It is ridiculous to set a detective story in New York City. New York City is itself a detective story." -Agatha Christie
"I didn't want to lose my subjectivity and my objectivity about my work." -Vincent Gallo
"I meant what I said and I said what I meant." -Dr. Seuss
"I would say that I've been lucky. Being blessed and not really ever giving up." -Kenneth Edmonds
"I am privileged to be able to work for the people of Hawaii in whatever capacity." -Tulsi Gabbard
"I am bullish on the global development. I am bullish on billions of people getting out of poverty." -Marc Andreesen
"There is one thing I would break up over, and that is if she caught me with another woman. I won't stand for that." -Steve Martin
"I have experienced failure as a politician and for that very reason, I am ready to give everything for Japan." -Shinzo Abe
"Material Girl is about having your own personal style, and my personal style reflects the brand's aesthetic." -Georgia May Jagger
"Chashkin Sar was virgin, and we climbed it for the first time, and afterwards, the people renamed it as Samina Baig." -Samina Baig
"I grew up as one of six kids." -Billy Baldwin
"The career isn't guaranteed for as long as you might want to play." -Nick Ferguson
"By and large, the Mexican food in Paris is horrible." -Rosecrans Baldwin
"It is very good advice to believe only what an artist does, rather than what he says about his work." -David Hockney
"I don't believe in fear - I live my life without regrets." -Sean Combs
"A check or credit card, a Gucci bag strap, anything of value will do. Give as you live." -Jesse Jackson
"When you're doing a show like 'The Book of Mormon,' you're completely spent by the time the show is over." -Josh Gad
"So much of our attention is trained on the Middle East these days, but we cannot ignore East Asia." -Lee H. Hamilton
"Any place that anyone can learn something useful from someone with experience is an educational institution." -Al Capp
"My personal cause and platform, if you like, is women's rights and women's issues." -Cindy Gallop
"When I tend to belt, it kind of reminds me of like a more '60s girl doo-wop kind of belting." -Kat Edmonson
"Life and death are one thread, the same line viewed from different sides." -Lao Tzu
"Everyone has a plan 'till they get punched in the mouth." -Mike Tyson
"The best people renounce all for one goal, the eternal fame of mortals; but most people stuff themselves like cattle." -Heraclitus
"Nothing matters but the facts. Without them, the science of criminal investigation is nothing more than a guessing game." -Blake Edwards
"People demand a lot of the justice system and they demand things that it can't deliver." -Helen Garner
"You have to pay a lot of attention to what's important, what's permanent, what's real." -Jim Balsillie
"I have been very fortunate in my life. I think I have an angel that is always with me. Good projects always come to me." -Kate del Castillo
"Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful." -Samuel Johnson
"If you look at our world, it's a world of critique." -Jose Canseco
"Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life." -Omar Khayyam
"As cute as baby clothes are... I try to buy less." -Jessica Capshaw
"Right now, I'm as single as a slice of American cheese." -Nick Cannon
"They have learned that resistance is actually possible. The holds are beginning to slip away." -George Jackson
"I think you have to be grateful to those who have helped you." -Cesc Fabregas
"I don't have problems with nobody, period." -Trick Daddy
"Man knows much more than he understands." -Alfred Adler
"You can't trust water: Even a straight stick turns crooked in it." -W. C. Fields
"There is a kind of beauty in imperfection." -Conrad Hall
"That's the secret to life... replace one worry with another." -Charles M. Schulz
"Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground." -Theodore Roosevelt
"It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations, if you live near him." -J. R. R. Tolkien
"The best way to destroy the capitalist system is to debauch the currency." -Vladimir Lenin
"Humility is truth." -Desiderius Erasmus
"I just want people that like my music to like me." -Kat Dahlia
"Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves." -Carl Jung
"I'm not a genius. I'm just a tremendous bundle of experience." -R. Buckminster Fuller
"After I made my hit in 'Salome,' Universal sent me to New York so I could learn to be a proper movie star." -Yvonne De Carlo
"You may gain temporary appeasement by a policy of concession to violence, but you do not gain lasting peace that way." -Anthony Eden
"Who sees the human face correctly: the photographer, the mirror, or the painter?" -Pablo Picasso
"I have trouble voicing my thoughts... I can't communicate very well that way." -Ayumi Hamasaki
"The greater the difficulty the more glory in surmounting it. Skillful pilots gain their reputation from storms and tempests." -Epictetus
"First I lost my voice, then I lost my figure and then I lost Onassis." -Maria Callas
"We need to respect the fact that cows are herbivores, and that does not mean feeding them corn and chicken manure." -Joel Salatin
"Anarchy may await America, due to the daily injustices suffered by the people." -Louis Farrakhan
"Some things are impossible." -Alex Van Halen
"Guessing what the pitcher is going to throw is 80% of being a successful hitter. The other 20% is just execution." -Hank Aaron
"Flaming enthusiasm, backed up by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success." -Dale Carnegie
"You don't go to the people that are just like you. You go to the people that you have to earn their credit." -Nikki Haley
"Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth." -Buddha
"I don't need to be looking at every failure of government, I need to be looking where failure of government needs reform." -Darrell Issa
"I never underestimate my opponent, but I never underestimate my talents." -Hale Irwin
"I see nothing in space as promising as the view from a Ferris wheel." -E. B. White
"How much easier it is to be critical than to be correct." -Benjamin Disraeli
"I put instant coffee in a microwave oven and almost went back in time." -Steven Wright
"I look to the future because that's where I'm going to spend the rest of my life." -George Burns
"Acting isn't a side thing - you have to live and breathe it." -Bella Thorne
"Breaking into a system or exposing its weaknesses is a good thing because truth and knowledge must win out." -Dan Farmer
"Finally having the freedom to speak is a really liberating feeling." -Gareth Gates
"Learning never exhausts the mind." -Leonardo da Vinci
"I love physicality. I love movement very much." -Uzo Aduba
"There are dark shadows on the earth, but its lights are stronger in the contrast." -Charles Dickens
"Through every moment on stage for the first time, I felt like I was finally right where I belonged." -Peter Gallagher
"The only constant I can find is hard work." -Paul Dano
"No kidding. That's really true. You're paying your own bills through this. It's not a pleasant experience." -Bruce Babbitt
"Age is a matter of feeling, not of years." -Washington Irving
"To me, body and mind are different aspects of specific biological processes." -Antonio Damasio
"Over the years, I've loved being on stage with an orchestra, waving my hands around." -Anthony Daniels
"Faulkner was almost oriental. I never got into Faulkner." -Tom T. Hall
"A man never feels more important than when he receives a telegram containing more than ten words." -George Ade
"If my poetry aims to achieve anything, it's to deliver people from the limited ways in which they see and feel." -Jim Morrison
"I love firing guns. It's an amazing feeling - so sexy and powerful." -Hayley Atwell
"Most people don't need to work as hard as I do." -Eva Gabor
"I've loved musicals ever since I saw 'The Lion King' on Broadway." -Mark Indelicato
"I started in music and that's my forte and that's what I've always done and where I'm heading." -Jencarlos Canela
"Failing to be there when a man wants her is a woman's greatest sin, except to be there when he doesn't want her." -Pope Paul VI
"The spirit of truth and the spirit of freedom - these are the pillars of society." -Henrik Ibsen
"The majority is always wrong; the minority is rarely right." -Henrik Ibsen
"Quentin Tarantino is a genius. I want to do every single film with him." -Vanessa Ferlito
"Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality." -Les Brown
"Something unknown is doing we don't know what." -Arthur Eddington
"I think I may have become an actor to hide from myself. You can escape into a character." -John Candy
"A person being patient with an insane person is my favorite thing in the world." -Bill Hader
"I think I think I am Superwoman sometimes but I am not." -Kirsty Gallacher
"Baseball is 90 percent mental and the other half is physical." -Yogi Berra
"LIfe has got all those twists and turns. You've got to hold on tight and off you go." -Nicole Kidman
"When I listen to music, I don't want to hear about flowers. I like death and destruction." -Jonathan Davis
"People say you have to work on your resentments. Yeah, no, I'm gonna hang onto them and they're gonna fuel my attack." -Charlie Sheen
"My goal was to play in the NHL, because that is the best hockey in the world." -Jaromir Jagr
"'Evil Dead 1' was never supposed to have a sequel." -Bruce Campbell
"If being rightwing is thinking that Karl Marx's doctrine was a catastrophe for humanity, then I'm rightwing." -Niall Ferguson
"The government has no business telling an individual what kind of light bulb to buy." -Michele Bachmann
"Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star." -W. Clement Stone
"I do not want to play a character who is exactly like me." -Jodelle Ferland
"I think that different actors go about their preparation differently, but when it comes to acting, I use my imagination." -Edi Gathegi
"Freedom lies in being bold." -Robert Frost
"It was in high school that I first became interested in acting. We put on lots of plays." -Blythe Danner
"The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a little longer." -Henry A. Kissinger
"I don't give my advice unless it's asked for." -Blythe Danner
"It is impossible to tell where the law stops and justice begins." -Arthur Baer
"I like cappuccino, actually. But even a bad cup of coffee is better than no coffee at all." -David Lynch
"There are people who have money and people who are rich." -Coco Chanel
"Don't use that foreign word 'ideals.' We have that excellent native word 'lies.'" -Henrik Ibsen
"Liberty cannot be preserved without general knowledge among the people." -John Adams
"Men don't want another man to look at their woman because they don't know how to handle it." -John Galliano
"When I'm inspired, I get excited because I can't wait to see what I'll come up with next." -Dolly Parton
"If we don't end war, war will end us." -H. G. Wells
"When men yield up the privilege of thinking, the last shadow of liberty quits the horizon." -Thomas Paine
"New Zealand has a great reputation in America for golf." -Hale Irwin
"The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat." -Lily Tomlin
"God, I'd love to do a big commercial movie that made a lot of money and whose plot was interesting too." -Bob Balaban
"I don't play pyrotechnic scales. I play about frustration, patience, anger. Music is an extension of my soul." -Dick Dale
"There is such a thing as fanaticism, it is always wrong, and if you disagree, you're wrong too." -Julian Baggini
"We are healed from suffering only by experiencing it to the full." -Marcel Proust
"Music is the movement of sound to reach the soul for the education of its virtue." -Plato
"I talk to millions of people every day. I just like it when they can't talk back." -Don Imus
"I feel like I'm ready for any dangerous situation that might come my way, provided I have a hammer on me." -Chris Hemsworth
"Mourning is not forbidden, you know." -Simin Daneshvar
"By working faithfully eight hours a day you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve hours a day." -Robert Frost
"I love country music, always have and always will." -Casey James
"I started working at Focus on the Family doing debates and media and cultural studies." -John Eldredge
"I'm thought of as a cool, unemotional dancer, but inside I'm not." -Suzanne Farrell
"Whatever my individual desires were to be free, I was not alone. There were many others who felt the same way." -Rosa Parks
"'No Country for Old Men' was epic." -Eric Fellner
"No country can act wisely simultaneously in every part of the globe at every moment of time." -Henry A. Kissinger
"If it wasn't for baseball, I'd be in either the penitentiary or the cemetery." -Babe Ruth
"My parents were really nice to me." -Bryan Callen
"There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all." -Peter Drucker
"To be without some of the things you want is an indispensable part of happiness." -Bertrand Russell
"I broke my ankle ten years ago so high heels are not an option unless I'm literally going door to door for a function." -Britt Ekland
"Faith is the bird that feels the light when the dawn is still dark." -Rabindranath Tagore
"There is no scandal like rags, nor any crime so shameful as poverty." -George Farquhar
"I love hats and winter is the perfect time for them. I love winter time fashion." -Rebecca Ferguson
"What greater aspiration and challenge are there for a mother than the hope of raising a great son or daughter?" -Rose Kennedy
"Listen; there's a hell of a good universe next door: let's go." -e. e. cummings
"Well, I always hope that I'm a role model." -James Iha
"Audiences respond in entirely different ways. One thing is unanimous - music binds us altogether." -Aleksey Igudesman
"Every block of stone has a statue inside it and it is the task of the sculptor to discover it." -Michelangelo
"We live so little time in this world that it is no matter how wretched and miserable we are, if it prepares us for heaven." -Jupiter Hammon
"I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want." -Muhammad Ali
"The quality of decision is like the well-timed swoop of a falcon which enables it to strike and destroy its victim." -Sun Tzu
"America has been a beacon of hope for vulnerable people throughout the world." -Jim Edgar
"I fed them every day. So it was a papa that kept food on the table for them. I did that. I did my part." -Joseph Jackson
"The older the fiddler, the sweeter the tune." -Pope Paul VI
"I appreciate individualism." -Freema Agyeman
"I think anybody who saw him will tell you that Willie Mays was the greatest player who ever lived." -Monte Irvin
"Death is not extinguishing the light; it is only putting out the lamp because the dawn has come." -Rabindranath Tagore
"The busier you are, the less time you have to make decisions." -Armando Iannucci
"Question everything. Learn something. Answer nothing." -Euripides
"Children are unpredictable. You never know what inconsistency they're going to catch you in next." -Franklin P. Jones
"I don't follow politics; it doesn't interest me. So why should I vote?" -Mario Balotelli
"Happiness is not a goal; it is a by-product." -Eleanor Roosevelt
"Fighting is very physical and extreme and you're very vulnerable. It's a very mental type of thing." -Gina Carano
"There are many examples of great songs that become more famous when they are covered." -Alex Ebert
"Never give advice in a crowd." -Pope Paul VI
"To be free is to have achieved your life." -Tennessee Williams
"Then I did one fight scene, and they said it looked good. Because I did it well enough, they've given me more." -Victor Garber
"Surely it is much more generous to forgive and remember, than to forgive and forget." -Maria Edgeworth
"Writing is my primary way of expressing myself." -Annie Baker
"Punctuality is the soul of business." -Thomas Chandler Haliburton
"Crying is really bad for your vocal cords." -Adele
"Heaven grant us patience with a man in love." -Rudyard Kipling
"Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish." -John Quincy Adams
"Your secret is your prisoner; once you reveal it, you become its slave." -Solomon Ibn Gabirol
"I think I really like psychology because my job is all about getting inside another person's mind and thoughts." -Dakota Fanning
"I absolutely adore Thanksgiving. It's the only holiday I insist on making myself." -Ina Garten
"The foundation stones for a balanced success are honesty, character, integrity, faith, love and loyalty." -Zig Ziglar
"Well, I wanted to play twenty years in the major leagues. I never made it twenty though. I played nineteen." -Bert Campaneris
"Once you get over that peak of puberty, you hit a nice stride." -Claire Danes
"Prohibition is better than no liquor at all." -Will Rogers
"I see this as my humanitarian legacy. We're prepared to pay billions." -Sheldon Adelson
"I'm not a victim - I never want to be perceived that way." -Elizabeth Edwards
"The only paradise is paradise lost." -Marcel Proust
"The great art of life is sensation, to feel that we exist, even in pain." -Lord Byron
"The best portion of a good man's life is his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and of love." -William Wordsworth
"A loving heart is the truest wisdom." -Charles Dickens
"Life is strange. Every so often a good man wins." -Frank Dane
"First, I think the science of monetary economics has clearly gotten better." -Martin Feldstein
"Some of the most important conversations I've ever had occurred at my family's dinner table." -Bob Ehrlich
"I've always very earnestly tried to do my best, so I just have to trust that and forgive myself for being fallible." -Claire Danes
"The glass is always half empty. And cracked. And I just cut my lip on it. And chipped a tooth." -Janeane Garofalo
"We cannot say that if a child is badly nourished he will become a criminal. We must see what conclusion the child has drawn." -Alfred Adler
"Sometimes it's easier to show than it is to tell." -Paula Danziger
"I have no money, no resources, no hopes. I am the happiest man alive." -Henry Miller
"We had five goats, two dogs, a cat and racks of commentaries on Shakespeare." -Charles Dance
"I was World Series champion in individual and synchro for the first time which was awesome." -Tom Daley
"The ability of a television series to make adjustments is something you've got to take advantage of." -J. J. Abrams
"I like Passion Duo, our brand-new gloss fusion lipstick. I also like our Illuminator - it's a glow-illuminating powder." -Stefano Gabbana
"I have fed purely upon ale; I have eat my ale, drank my ale, and I always sleep upon ale." -George Farquhar
"Make your life a mission - not an intermission." -Arnold H. Glasow
"I am like any other man. All I do is supply a demand." -Al Capone
"All of the films I'm doing are young, urban, high-concept, funny films. That's the zone where I'd like to play and have fun in." -Vir Das
"What is right, what is wrong, how can anyone say? I view very, very, few things as Right with a capital R." -Dan Farmer
"Not what we experience, but how we perceive what we experience, determines our fate." -Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
"I am a traditional man. I'm a product of a traditional man. He sacrificed everything for his family." -Andy Garcia
"When one gets in bed with government, one must expect the diseases it spreads." -Ron Paul
"If I could do it all over again, I'd be the mailman. I love housewives, and I hate dogs. What more is there?" -Norman Fell
"I think the first role I ever played was Mr. Bumble in a production of 'Oliver.'" -Caitriona Balfe
"I'm a Methodist, but not as an actor." -James Garner
"I'm no different to anyone else; I want people to like me. I just don't particularly want them to understand me." -Willem Dafoe
"When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves." -William Arthur Ward
"I don't really have funny things to say about politics. I wish I did, but I don't." -Janeane Garofalo
"Conquer, but don't triumph." -Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
"We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are." -Anais Nin
"There are no rules of architecture for a castle in the clouds." -Gilbert K. Chesterton
"The violets in the mountains have broken the rocks." -Tennessee Williams
"The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter." -Winston Churchill
"The present was an egg laid by the past that had the future inside its shell." -Zora Neale Hurston
"It's time to get real, folks. Hope and change ain't working. Hope and change is not a solution. Hope and change is not a job." -Herman Cain
"Being an anchor is not just a matter of sitting in front of a camera and looking pretty." -David Brinkley
"I think it's cool to be smart, and I think it's sexy to be smart." -Stacey Farber
"The less secure a man is, the more likely he is to have extreme prejudice." -Clint Eastwood
"When you're blessed, you've got to be sensitive to people that don't have and need to depend on somebody else to eat." -Brandon T. Jackson
"I don't want to broadcast my personal life because I feel it's off-putting." -Kate Bosworth
"I am a bike enthusiast; there's a certain amount of romance to bikes. They're both beautiful and utilitarian." -Dave Eggers
"When I was modeling, I worked out every day or other day." -Shannon Elizabeth
"I came to America with a dream and I made it. The dream became reality. America is built for success." -Jean-Claude Van Damme
"We cannot teach people anything; we can only help them discover it within themselves." -Galileo Galilei
"That's the thing about making a movie: You never finish editing. They just take it away from you." -Abel Ferrara
"I think my great-grandpa was an opera singer or something." -Jennifer Damiano
"I come from a world where you get the film done, that's a success." -Abel Ferrara
"There is no gilding of setting sun or glamor of poetry to light up the ferocious and endless toil of the farmers' wives." -Hamlin Garland
"I have a driver's licence, but the truth is that I hardly ever drive. I prefer to get around by taxi." -Ferran Adria
"A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination." -Nelson Mandela
"If I don't think about it, it won't drive me crazy." -Aaliyah
"Happiness is good health and a bad memory." -Ingrid Bergman
"My beautiful son... I can't wait to see his face, hug him, and spend time with him." -Jencarlos Canela
"When I first went on tour with PJ in '98, I was still in shock having gone through the Soundgarden break up." -Matt Cameron
"I saw Islam as the correct way to live, and I chose to try to live that way." -Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
"Your strike will not win. You cannot be allowed to succeed." -James Callaghan
"But the one thing that I did do was establish myself as a good actor." -Vincent D'Onofrio
"I want to be a Texan 24 hours a day." -James Dean
"When I get a little money I buy books; and if any is left I buy food and clothes." -Desiderius Erasmus
"I wish when I was 17, somebody had told me not to care so much about what other people had thought." -Kathryn Hahn
"Hollywood studio executives don't recognize the value of female performers as much as male performers." -Anna Faris
"I would love to have a rapper on one of my songs, like Ludacris, or the 'it's so hot in here' guy, Nelly." -LaToya Jackson
"Some things we must pass over in silence." -Greg Iles
"There is no greater evil than anarchy." -Sophocles
"I love Led Zeppelin and Black Sabbath and Guns N' Roses and AC/DC." -Paul Dano
"I love what I do and I think it shows. As my kids get older, they can see me as a mom who loves working." -Jessica Capshaw
"If this ice melts in Greenland it can shut down the Gulf Current." -Jay Inslee
"Women don't like men who know they're good looking. They'd much prefer a man who doesn't know he's good looking." -George Hamilton
"I have so many different voices and stories to tell." -Katori Hall
"Life is very tough. If you don't laugh, it's tough." -Joan Rivers
"The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others." -Mahatma Gandhi
"I haven't chosen to make an issue of faith." -Peter Garrett
"Lenny Kravitz is one of my favorite musical artists." -Lawrence Jackson
"You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water." -Rabindranath Tagore
"Pray that your loneliness may spur you into finding something to live for, great enough to die for." -Dag Hammarskjold
"In 1941 Richard Owen said that the dinosaurs were almost hot blooded." -Robert T. Bakker
"Next to excellence is the appreciation of it." -William Makepeace Thackeray
"Anything that had to do with art I been doing all my life. It was a gift. It's nothing I work real hard at doing." -Erykah Badu
"Making an album is a long process, but it's a fun process." -Brett Eldredge
"I don't waste money on smart, expensive clothes." -Kirsty Gallacher
"We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone." -Ronald Reagan
"What fools are we, to be besotted with the love of our own trouble, and to hate our liberty and rest!" -Joseph Hall
"A revolution only lasts fifteen years, a period which coincides with the effectiveness of a generation." -Jose Ortega y Gasset
"'Sex and The City' had very strong gag orders as to what we could say and not say." -Willie Garson
"I think writing is such a great talent, and if I was better, I would love to be a writer." -Shiloh Fernandez
"On my fifth film, it was then that I stopped dancing." -Victoria Abril
"'American Horror Story' is dark, so you shouldn't be expecting too much happiness." -Taissa Farmiga
"May the perfect grace and eternal love of Christ our Lord be our never-failing protection and help." -Saint Ignatius
"Now, I don't mind making fun of those preachers who steal money from people, they kind of deserve it." -Victoria Jackson
"The days of humiliation, of second-class citizens and of inequality are over and gone forever." -Gerry Adams
"Pull in your belt, spend less, and reduce debt." -Ray Dalio
"The Constitution only gives people the right to pursue happiness. You have to catch it yourself." -Benjamin Franklin
"Generosity is giving more than you can, and pride is taking less than you need." -Khalil Gibran
"I keep everything that's private private." -Kate Bosworth
"There are very few personal problems that cannot be solved through a suitable application of high explosives." -Scott Adams
"He that struggles with us strengthens our nerves, and sharpens our skill. Our antagonist is our helper." -Edmund Burke
"I was wise enough to never grow up while fooling most people into believing I had." -Margaret Mead
"Poetry is the synthesis of hyacinths and biscuits." -Carl Sandburg
"We have all a better guide in ourselves, if we would attend to it, than any other person can be." -Jane Austen
"By all means, marry. If you get a good wife, you'll become happy; if you get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher." -Socrates
"Reason is the enemy of faith." -Martin Luther
"The test for whether or not you can hold a job should not be the arrangement of your chromosomes." -Bella Abzug
"Mad, adj. Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence." -Ambrose Bierce
"I would have thought there's no greater country to watch rugby than New Zealand." -Jamie Bamber
"People really give you a hard time when you wear fake glasses out to a bar." -Ryan Eggold
"In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher." -Dalai Lama
"I was encouraged to read aloud in class and vocalize." -Bob Edwards
"Save your rejections so that later when you are famous you can show them to people and laugh." -Meg Cabot
"Love is a reciprocal torture." -Marcel Proust
"The secret is keeping busy, and loving what you do." -Lionel Hampton
"I have measured out my life with coffee spoons." -T. S. Eliot
"Religion is the masterpiece of the art of animal training, for it trains people as to how they shall think." -Arthur Schopenhauer
"I have faced up to what I am." -Robin Ince
"At each increase of knowledge, as well as on the contrivance of every new tool, human labour becomes abridged." -Charles Babbage
"A healthy love life is not and should not be the preserve of those in their 20s and 30s. It's important at all ages." -Jerry Hall
"Simplicity and repose are the qualities that measure the true value of any work of art." -Frank Lloyd Wright
"Do not seek the because - in love there is no because, no reason, no explanation, no solutions." -Anais Nin
"Those who don't know how to weep with their whole heart, don't know how to laugh either." -Golda Meir
"When I work fourteen hours a day, seven days a week, I get lucky." -Armand Hammer
"I could not claim them because I was not supposed to be flying in combat." -Adolf Galland
"I am a serious guy." -Stefano Gabbana
"I believe forgiveness is possible for everybody, for everything, but I'm a Buddhist." -Alan Ball
"Dogs laugh, but they laugh with their tails." -Max Eastman
"I realized that public affairs were also my affairs." -Helen Gahagan
"The information is in the people, not in your head." -Edward T. Hall
"We were just a one-room bookstore; we didn't have any money for lawyers." -Lawrence Ferlinghetti
"Sanctified afflictions are spiritual promotions." -Matthew Henry
"Music and the music business are two different things." -Erykah Badu
"I've got cut half in two, once, and blowed up a time or two, but nothing permanent." -Red Adair
"The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost." -Gilbert K. Chesterton
"We'll make our voices heard loud and clear on the importance of cost-based power." -Maria Cantwell
"Do not quench your inspiration and your imagination; do not become the slave of your model." -Vincent Van Gogh
"What we need is not the will to believe, but the wish to find out." -William Wordsworth
"As long as I am nothing but a ghost of the civil dead, I can do nothing." -Jack Henry Abbott
"I'm a blessing to whoever gets to really know me." -DMX
"I am turned into a sort of machine for observing facts and grinding out conclusions." -Charles Darwin
"The productivity of work is not the responsibility of the worker but of the manager." -Peter Drucker
"I love hockey, and I don't love it for any other reason than when I get out there and play, I enjoy it." -Brendan Fehr
"I had to learn how to think as a positive human being, before anything." -Hit-Boy
"What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters compared to what lives within us." -Henry David Thoreau
"Everything's a lot easier when you work with someone you know just about as well as you know yourself." -Peter Farrelly
"To get rich, you have to be making money while you're asleep." -David Bailey
"If we learn to understand each other, we will have a better understanding of ourselves." -Sarah Gadon
"The real destroyer of the liberties of the people is he who spreads among them bounties, donations and benefits." -Plutarch
"Be peaceful, be courteous, obey the law, respect everyone; but if someone puts his hand on you, send him to the cemetery." -Malcolm X
"'Alien' is one of my all-time favorite horror films - that has a great monster." -Jackie Earle Haley
"Hip-hop was created out of necessity. We needed to create some digitized things to help us understand what we were feeling." -Erykah Badu
"I've viewed myself as slightly above average in talent. And where I excel is ridiculous, sickening work ethic." -Will Smith
"I do pick my projects very meticulously. I want my projects to be meaningful." -Shohreh Aghdashloo
"Three o'clock is always too late or too early for anything you want to do." -Jean-Paul Sartre
"I used to hate being recognised." -Charlotte Gainsbourg
"To be full of things is to be empty of God. To be empty of things is to be full of God." -Meister Eckhart
"Right now I'd say my favorite fashion designer is Zac Posen." -Allyson Felix
"I feel like Obama's an Illuminati puppet." -Jonathan Davis
"I love to swim, and I love being near water." -Kim Edwards
"Success in training the boy depends largely on the Scoutmaster's own personal example." -Robert Baden-Powell
"I found my niche as a character actor, and I've never felt like a movie star or teen idol and never wanted to." -Vincent D'Onofrio
"I live a very joyful life, with a lot of laughter and good times." -Kimberly Elise
"Stay focused, go after your dreams and keep moving toward your goals." -LL Cool J
"People really do spend a lot of money on their pets - sometimes more then themselves." -Oksana Baiul
"Poets are the sense, philosophers the intelligence of humanity." -Samuel Beckett
"Part of recovery is relapse. I dust myself off and move forward again." -Steven Adler
"When I think of vision, I have in mind the ability to see above and beyond the majority." -Charles R. Swindoll
"You don't need to know who's playing on the White House tennis court to be a good president." -James Baker
"I'm a complete hypochondriac. If my heart starts beating a little faster than normal, I think I'm having an attack." -Antonio Banderas
"I mean, gosh, my first tours I ever did were with the Ramones and Iggy Pop and Love & Rockets." -Perry Farrell
"Things don't turn up in this world until somebody turns them up." -James A. Garfield
"Why are some people bullied? Because they are different. How? It doesn't matter." -Roger Ebert
"I know guys. I know the way they think." -Peter Farrelly
"Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without." -Buddha
"The chief prerequisite for a escort is to have a flexible conscience and an inflexible politeness." -Marguerite Gardiner
"I need it to survive. But most specifically, McDonalds Big Mac's and McDoubles (with no pickles)." -Armie Hammer
"In reality, for me every role is completely different." -Hugh Dancy
"Propaganda, to be effective, must be believed. To be believed, it must be credible. To be credible, it must be true." -Hubert H. Humphrey
"I was home schooled, so I never got a yearbook." -Lucy Hale
"Behind every piece of paper lies a human situation." -Edward T. Hall
"There is no such thing as a disembodied mind. The mind is implanted in the brain, and the brain is implanted in the body." -Antonio Damasio
"The merit of originality is not novelty; it is sincerity." -Thomas Carlyle
"Atheism is a religion itself complete with fanatics and bigots." -Vanna Bonta
"I almost feel more anxious lately about, 'Here's your opportunity, now you've got to make something of it.'" -Chris Hemsworth
"I can take it. The tougher it gets, the cooler I get." -Richard M. Nixon
"After being Turned Down by numerous Publishers, he had decided to write for Posterity." -George Ade
"Courage to be is the key to revelatory power of the feminist revolution." -Mary Daly
"Exaggerated sensitiveness is an expression of the feeling of inferiority." -Alfred Adler
"You got to look on the bright side, even if there ain't one." -Dashiell Hammett
"Infinite love is the only truth. Everything else is illusion." -David Icke
"When ambition ends, happiness begins." -Thomas Merton
"My first gig was 'The Outsiders.' I was 14 there. And probably one of the more jading experiences in my whole life." -Jay R. Ferguson
"A true man of honor feels humbled himself when he cannot help humbling others." -Robert E. Lee
"The point in me playing with Prince was to let a lot of people know that I can play trap. I don't think people know that." -Sheila E.
"I have all my life fought against prejudice, having been subjected to it myself." -John Galliano
"Since everything is in our heads, we had better not lose them." -Coco Chanel
"I just picked up golf, it was good, give me a chance to play golf." -Abdullah Ahmad Badawi
"I do know this: When somebody has to look great on the screen, that's the death of funny." -Peter Farrelly
"'Twas not my lips you kissed but my soul." -Judy Garland
"Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names." -John F. Kennedy
"Tears come from the heart and not from the brain." -Leonardo da Vinci
"People with bipolar disorder have difficulty with boundaries." -Claire Danes
"I'm not a big fan of rehearsing." -Brendan Fehr
"I've made a commitment to concentrate on my career as an entertainer." -Dorothy Hamill
"I don't want to die as long as I can work; the minute I can not, I want to go." -Susan B. Anthony
"Actors are able to trick themselves into treating anything as if it's fantastic. It's a kind of madness really." -Tom Baker
"Strong people don't need strong leaders." -Ella Baker
"Evil is the interruption of a truth by the pressure of particular or individual interests." -Alain Badiou
"I think playing solo is a second rate activity, really. For me, playing is about playing with other people." -Derek Bailey
"The path of sound credence is through the thick forest of skepticism." -George Jean Nathan
"I can assure you Mr. Zureikat never gave me a penny from an oil deal, a cake deal, a bread deal or from any other deal." -George Galloway
"The first time my mum and dad went to the theatre was at my drama school in third year." -Amanda Hale
"It takes half your life before you discover life is a do-it-yourself project." -Napoleon Hill
"May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house." -George Carlin
"I'm in an agreeable state: busy, enthusiastic, curious." -Isabelle Adjani
"I'm tired of playing the brat." -Casey Affleck
"The defining function of the artist is to cherish consciousness." -Max Eastman
"In the choice between changing ones mind and proving there's no need to do so, most people get busy on the proof." -John Kenneth Galbraith
"Because I would just tell everyone it was going to be great and just put that belief in them." -Jim Capaldi
"Freedom and Justice are twin sisters." -Friedrich Ebert
"I hold this to be the highest task for a bond between two people: that each protects the solitude of the other." -Rainer Maria Rilke
"I had my idea of what the series finale of 'King of the Hill' would be, but that's not what the actual series finale was." -Greg Daniels
"It is hard to look the other way when a dictator is being so cruel and violent with his own people." -Tammy Baldwin
"Childhood has its secrets and its mysteries; but who can tell or who can explain them!" -Max Muller
"Where there is injury let me sow pardon." -Francis of Assisi
"I'm one of the most fortunate people in the world." -Rose Kennedy
"This was possible only by dint of extended periods of frequently quite painful reflection and digestion." -Brian Ferneyhough
"Good writing gives energy, whatever it is about." -Marilyn Hacker
"I love actors, number one. There's probably nobody that you could name that I don't like, depending on what it is they're in." -Mark Hamill
"Over the years, I've gotten a little bit thick-skinned when it comes to the acting thing." -George Eads
"Sometimes I think, 'Why couldn't I have been normal?'" -Demi Lovato
"I wait for death and journalists." -Jeanne Calment
"Let us train our minds to desire what the situation demands." -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"It is the weight, not numbers of experiments that is to be regarded." -Isaac Newton
"Class is considerate of others. It knows that good manners is nothing more than a series of petty sacrifices." -Ann Landers
"When I left school I went to Australia for a year and worked in the drama department of a school in Perth." -James D'arcy
"It is more noble to give yourself completely to one individual than to labor diligently for the salvation of the masses." -Dag Hammarskjold
"One of the secrets of life is that all that is really worth the doing is what we do for others." -Lewis Carroll
"I'm really trying to stop setting my plays in this one fictional town in Vermont." -Annie Baker
"The new national campfire - radio." -Linda Ellerbee
"Music became my focus. At 13, I was jamming with my mates. At 15, I was playing clubs." -Bryan Adams
"Be as you wish to seem." -Socrates
"True patriotism hates injustice in its own land more than anywhere else." -Clarence Darrow
"I don't bother about how people feel about me. What matters to me is how I feel about them." -Vidya Balan
"I've played quite a large spectrum of teenaged girls, from psychotic to very sweet to a polygamist." -Madison Davenport
"Determination gives you the resolve to keep going in spite of the roadblocks that lay before you." -Denis Waitley
"In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can." -Nikos Kazantzakis
"At the end of it, I'll maybe do a coaching badge but I'm not going to get forced into things." -Paul Gascoigne
"You can find a diamond in the rough a lot of times." -Kenneth Edmonds
"My mom told me if I ever got a tattoo, she was going to take it off with a potato peeler." -Jacob Dalton
"Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." -Eleanor Roosevelt
"Whatever our personal differences are, there are no bigger fans of this band than the people who are in this band." -Alex Van Halen
"Don't believe everything that you read in the newspapers." -Andrew Card
"I have the heart of a man, not a woman, and I am not afraid of anything." -Elizabeth I
"Animals, whom we have made our slaves, we do not like to consider our equal." -Charles Darwin
"I actually first picked up an ukulele before I picked up a guitar." -Dick Dale
"Don't tell your problems to people: eighty percent don't care; and the other twenty percent are glad you have them." -Lou Holtz
"Ugliness is in a way superior to beauty because it lasts." -Serge Gainsbourg
"Sometimes I attract roles that are necessary either for personal growth or enlightenment." -Vera Farmiga
"The totally convinced and the totally stupid have too much in common for the resemblance to be accidental." -Robert Anton Wilson
"We herd sheep, we drive cattle, we lead people. Lead me, follow me, or get out of my way." -George S. Patton
"If I think more about death than some other people, it is probably because I love life more than they do." -Angelina Jolie
"The negative is comparable to the composer's score and the print to its performance. Each performance differs in subtle ways." -Ansel Adams
"Architecture is how the person places herself in the space. Fashion is about how you place the object on the person." -Zaha Hadid
"The whole concept of the devil is a metaphor on one level." -Taylor Hackford
"I'm a freak for great movies. I love movies." -Jeff Garlin
"I like women. I really like women." -Dashiell Hammett
"I think film and television are really a director's medium, whereas theatre is the actor's medium." -Christopher Eccleston
"Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop." -H. L. Mencken
"If it's the Psychic Network why do they need a phone number?" -Robin Williams
"Everything comes to us that belongs to us if we create the capacity to receive it." -Rabindranath Tagore
"I am critical of myself." -Jason Babin
"Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power." -Abraham Lincoln
"Pizza makes me think that anything is possible." -Henry Rollins
"Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else." -Judy Garland
"I feel it's my responsibility to turn people on to great music." -Randy Jackson
"Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure." -Benjamin Disraeli
"I think good private equity investors create a lot more economic value than they destroy." -Bill Ackman
"To forget oneself is to be happy." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"You know, no one steered people's careers in those days, I don't think, like they do today." -Wanda Jackson
"Character is much easier kept than recovered." -Thomas Paine
"There are different kinds of people in the world." -Cheryl James
"It is only through books that we partake of the great harvest that is human civilization across the ages." -Ibrahim Babangida
"I made a circle with a smile for a mouth on yellow paper, because it was sunshiny and bright." -Harvey Ball
"To sum it all up, I must say that I regret nothing." -Adolf Eichmann
"Life grants nothing to us mortals without hard work." -Horace
"I look for the safety of my child. I don't really care about me." -Corey Feldman
"I can't sit still for 10 minutes." -Scott Caan
"If the fans want me out, I'll put my hands up and leave. Like a proper man. I won't make excuses, I'll leave." -Paul Gascoigne
"Christianity is part of the Common Law of England." -Matthew Hale
"No one is useless in this world who lightens the burden of it to anyone else." -Charles Dickens
"We must never neglect the patient's own use of his symptoms." -Alfred Adler
"I'll walk where my own nature would be leading: It vexes me to choose another guide." -Emily Bronte
"I think we've established a convention on the show that allows us to do pretty much anything we want to." -Thayer David
"Every closed eye is not sleeping, and every open eye is not seeing." -Bill Cosby
"I felt uncomfortable in cliques." -Kate Bosworth
"Every secret of a writer's soul, every experience of his life, every quality of his mind is written large in his works." -Virginia Woolf
"Kindness, I've discovered, is everything in life." -Isaac Bashevis Singer
"I enjoyed L.A. because it was nice to be in the sunshine and live in a house with proper wardrobes. I loved the space." -Caitriona Balfe
"The New Deal was going to redistribute the national income according to ideals of social and economic justice." -Garet Garrett
"Nietzsche was stupid and abnormal." -Leo Tolstoy
"Well, first I studied piano. I wasn't very satisfied because I though my teachers were dumb... and repressive." -Luc Ferrari
"The United States is not for democracy in Iraq, it's for setting up a puppet government." -Peter Camejo
"Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper." -Francis Bacon
"Nations are born in the hearts of poets, they prosper and die in the hands of politicians." -Muhammad Iqbal
"You want to make the photograph work in every way possible. Doesn't matter where it is in the world." -William Eggleston
"She's generous to a fault - if it's her own." -Arthur Baer
"Better mad with the rest of the world than wise alone." -Baltasar Gracian
"Who wants to shake the hand of the first man to put it to America's sweetheart." -John Agar
"Practice does not make perfect. Only perfect practice makes perfect." -Vince Lombardi
"Intervention continues to be a prominent dimension of the post-cold war world." -Mike Jackson
"I'm not fashionable, and I know nothing about fashion, but I have my individual style, and style is eternal." -Vidya Balan
"Even a modicum of celebrity is hard to deal with. You see it with actors and directors all the time." -Paul Haggis
"If nobody trusts you as president, then you can't get anything done." -Robert Dallek
"You can't be happy by doing something groovy." -Bob Dylan
"Measure your mind's height by the shade it casts." -Robert Browning
"Working with Michael Chiklis is a lesson in professionalism and staying focused. That's what Chiklis brings all day long." -Sean Faris
"A picture is a poem without words." -Horace
"I think in 1991, when Jimmy got to the semifinals, it was just incredible all of the people coming out." -Stefan Edberg
"Most people are under exposed to global assets, including foreign stocks, bonds and currencies." -Mohamed El-Erian
"If a man can bridge the gap between life and death, if he can live on after he's dead, then maybe he was a great man." -James Dean
"Of course, I started really being a comics fan with the underground stuff in the '70s." -Glenn Danzig
"When I was younger I used to pick things just to face the fear." -Vincent D'Onofrio
"My biggest weakness is my sensitivity. I am too sensitive a person." -Mike Tyson
"I reckon this could mean another 10 million at the box office." -Blake Edwards
"For small business people, less paperwork means higher profits, boosted sales and more time with the family." -Tony Abbott
"As is our confidence, so is our capacity." -William Hazlitt
"All I have, really, is my creativity." -Jack Abramoff
"You can really only enjoy life when you're extremely busy." -Josephine de La Baume
"In a way, it's good not to be recognised as much off screen." -Laura Carmichael
"Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it." -Lou Holtz
"I sometimes lament the fact that I do not have the benefit of a complete and ailment free body structure." -Amitabh Bachchan
"I want to use every tool in the toolbox that's at our disposal to help our economy and put people back to work." -Kay Hagan
"The proud, the cold untroubled heart of stone, that never mused on sorrow but its own." -Thomas Campbell
"Life could be wonderful if people would leave you alone." -Charlie Chaplin
"I pledge you, I pledge myself, to a new deal for the American people." -Franklin D. Roosevelt
"I still write the same way and have the same perspective." -Kenneth Edmonds
"I know that I've overfed myself trying to prop myself up because I'm exhausted." -Geri Halliwell
"I want to play more festivals." -Kat Edmonson
"Music has always been a part of me and art in general. I love visual art as well." -Marketa Irglova
"I wanted life to be episodic. I wanted to be a magazine photographer and I was willing to do what it took to become that." -Sam Abell
"Any sex outside of the marriage bond between a man and a woman is violating God's law." -Jerry Falwell
"Of all the hard jobs around, one of the hardest is being a good teacher." -Maggie Gallagher
"Ideas are more powerful than guns. We would not let our enemies have guns, why should we let them have ideas." -Joseph Stalin
"There is a certain enthusiasm in liberty, that makes human nature rise above itself, in acts of bravery and heroism." -Alexander Hamilton
"I spent most of my time playing pool instead of studying." -James Garner
"She can't even chew gum and walk in a straight line, let alone write a book." -Liam Gallagher
"When I travel, I feel more like a nomad than a tourist." -Mohsin Hamid
"And it wasn't until '84 when I was first asked to come to Sweden and do an album and concert tour." -Wanda Jackson
"If everything isn't black and white, I say, 'Why the hell not?'" -John Wayne
"Let no rank puff up anyone; for faith and love are paramount - the greatest blessings in the world." -Ignatius of Antioch
"I drive myself to and from work. I love the privacy." -Bob Iger
"I'm Howard Stern with a vocabulary. I'm the man he wishes he could be." -Don Imus
"That was never on my radar, traffic stopping. It was never important to me." -Kathy Ireland
"My dad bought me a guitar when I was very young, and I never looked back." -Arthur Darvill
"Passion is all but soft, it's not tender, it's violence to which you get hooked by pleasure." -Isabelle Adjani
"The crowds can be very loud, especially when you're playing in the evening." -Stefan Edberg
"If anything, the impact of digital technology is creating bigger brands and bigger superstars." -Anita Elberse
"Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former." -Albert Einstein
"Christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful." -Norman Vincent Peale
"We have 62 counties in New York State and each has its own system of death investigation." -Michael Baden
"The difference between playing the stock market and the horses is that one of the horses must win." -Joey Adams
"The secrets of slavery are concealed like those of the Inquisition." -Harriet Ann Jacobs
"I've made a lot of movies with kids in them. I don't know why that is, but it's something I've noticed." -Joe Dante
"Many of us think that compassion drains us, but I promise you it is something that truly enlivens us." -Joan Halifax
"I thought to myself, Join the army. It's free. So I figured while I'm here I'll lose a few pounds." -John Candy
"Really I'm a fan of any movie, whether it's suspense, action, or comedy - anything that has a good story." -Scott Eastwood
"Excuse me if I'm clinging on to life, but my parents wove me from tight thread." -Jeanne Calment
"I can't live without activity; I can't be sedentary." -Ferran Adria
"I think my kids are pretty well-rounded citizens of the world." -Simon Baker
"I'm a working actor, so I do pretty much whatever comes along because it's my job." -Katharine Isabelle
"Despite everything, I believe that people are really good at heart." -Anne Frank
"I always knew I wanted to work in entertainment, but I actually really wanted to be a singer more than an actress." -India de Beaufort
"Of all the music that reached farthest into heaven, it is the beating of a loving heart." -Henry Ward Beecher
"A teacher affects eternity; he can never tell where his influence stops." -Henry Adams
"The Titanic will protect itself." -Robert Ballard
"Being a father is the most important thing, if you ask me. It changed me as a person and gave me an all new life." -Mahesh Babu
"There is no personal charm so great as the charm of a cheerful temperament." -Henry Van Dyke
"You are beginning to see that any man to whom you can do favor is your friend, and that you can do a favor to almost anyone." -Mark Caine
"If what you did yesterday seems big, you haven't done anything today." -Lou Holtz
"Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage." -Lao Tzu
"A people without the knowledge of their past history, origin and culture is like a tree without roots." -Marcus Garvey
"Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking." -William Butler Yeats
"After Jackie Robinson the most important black in baseball history is Reggie Jackson, I really mean that." -Reggie Jackson
"An evil person is like a dirty window, they never let the light shine through." -William Makepeace Thackeray
"Courage is not simply one of the virtues, but the form of every virtue at the testing point." -C. S. Lewis
"Something new always slowly changes right in front of your eyes - it just happens." -William Eggleston
"It is forbidden to kill; therefore all murderers are punished unless they kill in large numbers and to the sound of trumpets." -Voltaire
"Series Two of 'The Paradise' is meaty and thoroughly entertaining... and yeah, you're in for a good thrill ride!" -Ben Daniels
"Evil societies always kill their consciences." -James L. Farmer, Jr.
"The education of a man is never completed until he dies." -Robert E. Lee
"Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times." -Aeschylus
"A person cannot love a plant after he has pruned it, then he has either done a poor job or is devoid of emotion." -Liberty Hyde Bailey
"I have to be careful not to do so many comedy airhead roles from now on. I've turned down a couple already." -Tamsin Egerton
"I always wanted to be a leading man!" -Randy Jackson
"I've come to understand that there's always something positive, even in a negative situation." -Leif Garrett
"Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain - and most fools do." -Benjamin Franklin
"There cannot be a crisis next week. My schedule is already full." -Henry A. Kissinger
"I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them." -Isaac Asimov
"The mystery of the beginning of all things is insoluble by us; and I for one must be content to remain an agnostic." -Charles Darwin
"I think as an actor you're used to having to travel, so wherever the work, is you're willing to go." -Laura Carmichael
"I wear black because I'm comfortable in it. But then in the summertime when it's hot I'm comfortable in light blue." -Johnny Cash
"I think it is important for people who are given leadership roles to assume that role immediately." -Bob Iger
"On stage, I am in the dark." -Maria Callas
"Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence." -H. L. Mencken
"It's amazing living alone. I'm very lucky. It's like a refuge." -Paloma Faith
"Karma is only in space time and causality. Your real self resides non-locally." -Deepak Chopra
"I am as far from a hypochondriac as you could ever be." -Britt Ekland
"When we try to pick out anything by itself, we find it hitched to everything else in the universe." -John Muir
"Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power." -Lao Tzu
"I like to write about things about which I have no answers, questions that trouble me. These things trouble me." -Paul Haggis
"At the heart of any terror is the fear of losing what we find meaningful." -Mark Z. Danielewski
"It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final." -Roger Babson
"The stardom thing happened and now I'm trying to make a comeback, if you want to call it that." -Leif Garrett
"I still appreciate individuality. Style is much more interesting than fashion, really." -Marc Jacobs
"The way up and the way down are one and the same." -Heraclitus
"I like things simple." -Valentino Garavani
"Everyone is more or less mad on one point." -Rudyard Kipling
"I'm happy to tell you that my debt is retired. That happened because I got a good financial adviser." -Lisa Caputo
"Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken." -Albert Camus
"In a sense, having cancer takes you by the shoulders and shakes you." -Elizabeth Edwards
"I had been told that the training procedure with cats was difficult. It's not. Mine had me trained in two days." -Bill Dana
"If you done it, it ain't bragging." -Walt Whitman
"I began hearing rumors of apossible recording session with Neil Young. I was a huge fan of Neil's." -Jack Irons
"I think entrepreneurship is a beautiful thing." -Jason Calacanis
"I've had it. I did 4,700 episodes. Isn't that enough?" -Monty Hall
"Mountains are the beginning and the end of all natural scenery." -John Ruskin
"I don't look at this as a religious based thing. To me this is energy based." -John Edward
"Knowledge will give you power, but character respect." -Bruce Lee
"All artists are people of growth. It's like food, you take the good and leave the rest." -Andrew Jack
"If you want peace work for justice." -Pope Paul VI
"The only way I'm going to win a Gold Glove is with a can of spray paint." -Reggie Jackson
"As an adolescent, Spider-Man was what got me through tough times in terms of being a skinny kid." -Andrew Garfield
"I prefer the company of peasants because they have not been educated sufficiently to reason incorrectly." -Michel de Montaigne
"Use a make-up table with everything close at hand and don't rush; otherwise you'll look like a patchwork quilt." -Lucille Ball
"Democracy is about non-arbitrary decisions. Democracy is about spreading decisions; it is not about destroying processes." -Rahul Gandhi
"Morning without you is a dwindled dawn." -Emily Dickinson
"To this day, I get very nervous coming back into my own country." -Hasan M. Elahi
"Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky." -Rabindranath Tagore
"I'm not the type of person to give up just because something gets rough. That's a coward. That's not me." -Kevin Garnett
"The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled." -Plutarch
"It takes a long time to understand nothing." -Edward Dahlberg
"All of my pleasures are guilty, but that's just the way I'm wired." -Jesse Eisenberg
"As an actor, you are always looking for something fresh and interesting and not ordinary." -Megalyn Echikunwoke
"It's about keeping animals in our environment. They can't be on somebody's purse or shoes or something." -Bindi Irwin
"There is only one meaning of life: the act of living itself." -Erich Fromm
"Audacity, more audacity, always audacity." -Georges Jacques Danton
"I wasn't a woman who stayed tiny like I thought I would. I definitely gave myself the freedom to eat what I wanted." -Jennifer Garner
"I'm deeply ambitious and I always have been." -Hayley Atwell
"Love cannot save you from your own fate." -Jim Morrison
"You can give without loving, but you can never love without giving." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"Time and memory are true artists; they remould reality nearer to the heart's desire." -John Dewey
"A cat can be trusted to purr when she is pleased, which is more than can be said for human beings." -Dean Inge
"One of the very important characteristics of a student is to question. Let the students ask questions." -A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
"Love is what we were born with. Fear is what we learned here." -Marianne Williamson
"To me, the biggest surprise is that Google still functions despite the explosion in the number of sites." -Robert Cailliau
"The planet will survive. Whether we get to be here and enjoy it, or enjoy life as we've known it, is what's questionable." -Ted Danson
"To go to heaven, fully to enjoy God, is infinitely better than the most pleasant accommodations here." -Jonathan Edwards
"It is my belief that tax credits only go to people who are making money, and they generally keep it." -Dianne Feinstein
"I don't have a caustic sense of humor. What I find funny, that humor comes from a much gentler place." -Vera Farmiga
"Let's not be afraid to speak the common sense truth: you can't have high standards without good discipline." -William Hague
"If you want to get your point across, you gotta cuss." -Eazy-E
"You can only do your best. That's all you can do. And if it isn't good enough, it isn't good enough." -Imelda Staunton
"The birth of democracy in Iraq is one of the great positive changes of our era." -Ernest Istook
"Words, like nature, half reveal and half conceal the soul within." -Alfred Lord Tennyson
"Success is neither magical nor mysterious. Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying the basic fundamentals." -Jim Rohn
"The most important thing in acting is honesty. If you can fake that, you've got it made." -George Burns
"The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance." -Aristotle
"All human beings are commingled out of good and evil." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action." -Benjamin Disraeli
"Love is a friendship set to music." -Joseph Campbell
"There aren't many people who really put their life on the line for human freedom." -Niall Ferguson
"Every time I slip into the ocean, it's like going home." -Sylvia Earle
"The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action." -John Dewey
"I'm not happy on vacation. In those rare times when I have three hours with no work I have to do, I'm terribly uncomfortable." -Scott Adams
"Excellence is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well." -John W. Gardner
"I'm not sad about any of my life. It's so unconventional. It doesn't look anything like I thought it would." -Edie Falco
"You have to learn how to take care of yourself." -Jennifer Damiano
"God tells us not to judge one another, no matter what anyone's sexual preferences are or if they're black, brown or purple." -Dolly Parton
"If you want to make peace with your enemy, you have to work with your enemy. Then he becomes your partner." -Nelson Mandela
"I've been to MTV and all of that worldly stuff. It's death. It's meaningless." -Stephen Baldwin
"I'm a heroine addict. I need to have sex with women who have saved someone's life." -Mitch Hedberg
"When times are bad is when the real entrepreneurs emerge." -Robert Kiyosaki
"Oddly enough, I have really bad stage fright - getting up in front of people. And I made a living going on live television." -Bill Hader
"The sad duty of politics is to establish justice in a sinful world." -Reinhold Niebuhr
"Without Social Security, poverty rates for African American seniors would more than double." -Chaka Fattah
"Action indeed is the sole medium of expression for ethics." -Jane Addams
"Rocker dudes don't have a lot of swagger." -Demi Lovato
"Ask Mother for advice on breaking into show business." -Jack Davenport
"With self-discipline most anything is possible." -Theodore Roosevelt
"It is not necessary to have enemies if you go out of your way to make friends hate you." -Frank Dane
"Humor is the first of the gifts to perish in a foreign tongue." -Virginia Woolf
"What I keep searching for in movies, more and more, is the right gravity." -Lorenzo di Bonaventura
"I just aspire to pick people up. That's my ambition." -Sade Adu
"I believe in backing players and helping them out with their game." -Gautam Gambhir
"I didn't just grow up with horses; I wanted to be one." -Clare Balding
"Only in Washington would death be considered a taxable event." -Mike Ferguson
"You might as well expect rivers to run backwards as any man born free to be contented penned up." -Chief Joseph
"We can afford no liberties with liberty itself." -Robert Jackson
"Humor is an antidote to all ills." -Patch Adams
"The man who interprets Nature is always held in great honor." -Zora Neale Hurston
"I've got that nice raspy sound." -Wolfman Jack
"I never had tons of friends on tour. I was quiet and went about my business." -Lindsay Davenport
"I have a strong constitution." -Jennie Garth
"I've raised Michael. I changed his diapers when he was little." -Jackie Jackson
"My bedroom's like an armoury." -Jeremy Irvine
"A sense of humor is the ability to understand a joke - and that the joke is oneself." -Clifton Fadiman
"Doubt thou the stars are fire, Doubt that the sun doth move. Doubt truth to be a liar, But never doubt I love." -William Shakespeare
"Now, on the St. Louis team we have Who's on first, What's on second, I Don't Know is on third." -Bud Abbott
"Nothing in fine print is ever good news." -Andy Rooney
"We endeavor to stuff the universe into the gullet of an aphorism." -Paul Eldridge
"Someone has to die in order that the rest of us should value life more." -Virginia Woolf
"Of the blessings set before you make your choice, and be content." -Samuel Johnson
"You people married to Italian men, you know what it's like." -Geraldine Ferraro
"The Jews don't like Farrakhan, so they call me Hitler. Well, that's a good name. Hitler was a very great man." -Louis Farrakhan
"Legitimate use of violence can only be that which is required in self-defense." -Ron Paul
"However people feel about Kanye is their opinion, but I think he's a genius." -Pooch Hall
"Nothing is more obstinate than a fashionable consensus." -Margaret Thatcher
"We love even when our love is not requited." -Mortimer Adler
"In Japanese art, space assumed a dominant role and its position was strengthened by Zen concepts." -Stephen Gardiner
"One cannot and must not try to erase the past merely because it does not fit the present." -Golda Meir
"If you're the Rolling Stones, you can sing 'Start Me Up' for 35 years, and people still cheer." -Bryan Callen
"Ah, summer, what power you have to make us suffer and like it." -Russell Baker
"The constant assertion of belief is an indication of fear." -Jiddu Krishnamurti
"They wanted to start recording rock 'n roll, and thought I had the right voice." -Freddy Fender
"What is a sophisticate? He is a man who thinks he can swim better than he can and sometimes he drowns." -Oscar Hammerstein II
"Your economic and social development is linked to the kind of regime you have." -Mohamed ElBaradei
"I'm a real animal lover. I adore animals of all shapes and sizes." -Tamsin Egerton
"I had to learn not to let anyone push me around, to be brave and to say things I knew might make people mad." -Ina May Gaskin
"I don't fight the suburban areas or collar counties. I get along with them; they're former Chicagoans anyway." -Richard M. Daley
"All I can say is I've been lucky with my body. Well done, little body. I praise it and say, 'You're very good.'" -Marianne Faithfull
"I never knew a man come to greatness or eminence who lay abed late in the morning." -Jonathan Swift
"The inevitable has always found me ready and hopeful." -Amelia Barr
"I want to try out for Playmate actually. I talked to one of the photographers about doing test shots." -Trishelle Cannatella
"I think UNC and Lorrie Fair is a perfect match." -Lorrie Fair
"I grew up on movie sets, getting to see storytelling happen up close." -Scott Eastwood
"I was the seventh of nine children. When you come from that far down you have to struggle to survive." -Robert Kennedy
"The pen is the tongue of the mind." -Horace
"I'm not really listed anywhere; I don't know how people find me!" -Rick Baker
"We are perverse creatures and never satisfied." -Nan Fairbrother
"You have to be careful about how much you reveal to people that look up to you so much." -Lady Gaga
"There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one." -Alexis de Tocqueville
"I am so old-fashioned. I've never lived with a man. I am completely about the independence of paying my own rent." -Suheir Hammad
"I would like to thank the press from the heart of my bottom." -Nick Faldo
"What makes a person is the ability to look at themselves and deal with their own lives." -Naomi Campbell
"Everything existing in the universe is the fruit of chance and necessity." -Democritus
"If I start to become a star, I'll lose contact with the normal guys I play best." -Gene Hackman
"I entered medicine to use it as a vehicle for social change." -Patch Adams
"I've never been to jail. I've never been arrested. I've never been locked up." -Samuel L. Jackson
"In the end, crime doesn't pay." -Lane Garrison
"Never above you. Never below you. Always beside you." -Walter Winchell
"I learned long ago, never to wrestle with a pig. You get dirty, and besides, the pig likes it." -George Bernard Shaw
"Like the herd animals we are, we sniff warily at the strange one among us." -Loren Eiseley
"Waging war we understand, but not waging peace, or at any rate less consciously so." -Fredrik Bajer
"The best player I've ever played with was Paul Gascoigne. He had everything. He was amazing." -Paul Ince
"Philosophically, I don't like doing commercials." -Herb Caen
"I still think of my mum as being kind of a dork - a cooler one, but still a dork." -Georgia Jagger
"I have a good relationship with the world. But I don't know what the trick is to maintaining it." -Ben Affleck
"Dreams don't have deadlines. I'm thinking of doing bigger and better things and having more fun with it." -LL Cool J
"I think unionization is good public policy. I think when families secure their economic future, that's good for everyone." -Bill de Blasio
"If you want a bourgeois existence, you shouldn't be an actor. You're in the wrong profession." -Uta Hagen
"Early in my career, I struggled with consistency, but I couldn't get more consistent than this year." -Roger Federer
"Finishing a good book is like leaving a good friend." -William Feather
"'Have fun' is my message. Be silly. You're allowed to be silly. There's nothing wrong with it." -Jimmy Fallon
"Each day of our lives we make deposits in the memory banks of our children." -Charles R. Swindoll
"There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure." -Colin Powell
"A German is someone who cannot tell a lie without believing it himself." -Theodor Adorno
"He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet." -Joseph Joubert
"The mark of fear is not easily removed." -Ernest Gaines
"I think it's a style of acting that you trust. You trust the instincts." -Jeff Daniels
"It is tact that is golden, not silence." -Samuel Butler
"If you want to sacrifice the admiration of many men for the criticism of one, go ahead, get married." -Katharine Hepburn
"People get really caught up in their own trips." -Max Cannon
"I always loved cars. I used to play 'Need for Speed' all the time... any racing game." -Afrojack
"The skull is nature's sculpture." -David Bailey
"Between 2 and 5 I'm reading in to find out what's been going on while I've been asleep." -Bob Edwards
"And perhaps, posterity will thank me for having shown it that the ancients did not know everything." -Pierre de Fermat
"The more unintelligent a man is, the less mysterious existence seems to him." -Arthur Schopenhauer
"Hollywood is a sewer with service from the Ritz Carlton." -Wilson Mizner
"My family were broadminded enough to support me when I wanted to pursue a life in the theatre." -Peter Gallagher
"I made so many films which were more important, but the only one people ever want to talk about is that one with Bogart." -Ingrid Bergman
"We're one of the most highly regulated industries, and we have to pay attention to what government is doing." -Paul R. Ehrlich
"Most people wouldn't know music if it came up and bit them on the ass." -Frank Zappa
"I have disassociated myself from that book." -Uta Hagen
"As kids, our experiences shape our opinions of ourselves and the world around us, and that's who we become as adults." -Chris Hemsworth
"I think hell's a real place where real people spend a real eternity." -Jerry Falwell
"Nobody makes me laugh like my wife." -Willie Aames
"To me, a forever love is a bond that can't be broken." -Nick Cannon
"We're all slight hypocrites who fall short of our ideals." -Gillian Jacobs
"More die in the United States of too much food than of too little." -John Kenneth Galbraith
"Men always want to be a woman's first love - women like to be a man's last romance." -Oscar Wilde
"President Reagan's one-liners were terrific." -Geraldine Ferraro
"I'm very, very blessed." -Bailee Madison
"I'm a reflection of the community." -Tupac Shakur
"You have to keep fit being a singer - that's part of the job. You can't do it unless you have incredible stamina." -Roger Daltrey
"I can remember exactly where I sat when my teacher first read Roald Dahl's 'James and the Giant Peach'." -Dave Eggers
"We only think when we are confronted with problems." -John Dewey
"The people are the government, administering it by their agents; they are the government, the sovereign power." -Andrew Jackson
"I don't want to be a director. I want to direct. There's a difference." -Marty Feldman
"People value and spend their money more wisely when they acquire it by their own efforts - also known as work." -Larry Elder
"I can live without money, but I cannot live without love." -Judy Garland
"I hate watching myself on film because I am so judgmental." -Tamsin Egerton
"Nobody's going to sell 10 million records by not working hard." -Daryl Hall
"The new Disney cartoon 'Bambi' is interesting because it's the first one that's been entirely unpleasant." -Manny Farber
"Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him." -Booker T. Washington
"I have never received a flute from them for free and I would not accept such a gift from any manufacturer." -James Galway
"True, I am in love with suffering, but I do not know if I deserve the honor." -Saint Ignatius
"I had to jump out of a plane! The shoot was for an editorial for a magazine; and it called for skydiving." -Bridget Hall
"You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist." -Indira Gandhi
"A day wasted on others is not wasted on one's self." -Charles Dickens
"Justice and goodwill will outlast passion." -James A. Garfield
"A little thought and a little kindness are often worth more than a great deal of money." -John Ruskin
"Acting is the greatest answer to my loneliness that I have found." -Claire Danes
"Anyone who doesn't believe in miracles is not a realist." -David Ben-Gurion
"The sky is the part of creation in which nature has done for the sake of pleasing man." -John Ruskin
"I love 'Mean Girls.' I held out on watching it for a long time, but I'm so glad I finally did. Tina Fey is brilliant." -Brant Daugherty
"Life has no blessing like a prudent friend." -Euripides
"Birds sing after a storm; why shouldn't people feel as free to delight in whatever remains to them?" -Rose Kennedy
"My mouth is full of decayed teeth and my soul of decayed ambitions." -James Joyce
"Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy." -Benjamin Franklin
"I aspire only to silence." -Felix Feneon
"And where I excel is ridiculous, sickening, work ethic. You know, while the other guy's sleeping? I'm working." -Will Smith
"A boy is holding a girl so very tight in his arms tonight." -Edward VIII
"'Game of Thrones' has multiple story lines, multiple countries, and it's complete fantasy." -Caitriona Balfe
"Idealism increases in direct proportion to one's distance from the problem." -John Galsworthy
"Playing for someone else's crowd is always difficult for any band." -Jerry Cantrell
"I wish I was one of those cute pregnant girls who wear skinny jeans throughout their pregnancies. But I just gain weight." -Jennifer Garner
"There is no tragedy in missing a putt, no matter how short. All have erred in this respect." -Walter Hagen
"It kills me when I see some metal band trying to pass themselves off as an 'alternative band.'" -Dimebag Darrell
"I'll take my wrinkles. I don't like the Botox thing." -Gwyneth Paltrow
"Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company." -Mark Twain
"The difference between working with a man and a woman... is immense." -Sherilyn Fenn
"Long afterward, many would remember those two days in the first week of October with vividness and anguish." -Arthur Hailey
"I do believe that the genre reached its peak before the First World War." -Robyn Davidson
"I get meals when I can, or I have protein shakes." -Triple H
"Nothing can add more power to your life than concentrating all your energies on a limited set of targets." -Nido Qubein
"The only courage that matters is the kind that gets you from one moment to the next." -Mignon McLaughlin
"When you get to a certain age, the work begins to thin out." -Charles Dance
"Much learning does not teach understanding." -Heraclitus
"I would just like to say that opera is no longer about fat people in breastplates shattering wine glasses." -Lesley Garrett
"Every man is dishonest who lives upon the labor of others, no matter if he occupies a throne." -Robert Green Ingersoll
"I discovered at an early age that all I've ever wanted to do is design." -Jonathan Ive
"The riskiest thing we can do is just maintain the status quo." -Bob Iger
"Scriptwriting is the toughest part of the whole racket... the least understood and the least noticed." -Frank Capra
"Life is like music; it must be composed by ear, feeling, and instinct, not by rule." -Samuel Butler
"I think my favorite, and Coppola and that whole thing. East coast Italian directors I guess." -Anthony Michael Hall
"Words are cheap. The biggest thing you can say is 'elephant'." -Charlie Chaplin
"Luck is a very thin wire between survival and disaster, and not many people can keep their balance on it." -Hunter S. Thompson
"The whole world is run on bluff." -Marcus Garvey
"When I fight someone, I want to break his will. I want to take his manhood. I want to rip out his heart and show it to him." -Mike Tyson
"Time doesn't go. Time stays. We go." -Linda Ellerbee
"I'm just a guy who wears TOMS. It's the sad truth." -Ryan Eggold
"The intersection of religion and world politics has often been a bloody crossroads." -Elliott Abrams
"I am now almost certain that we need more radiation for better health." -John Cameron
"I'm glad that young black people are successful with the music. I'm not a hater." -DMX
"I think I've had the slowest, most methodical career in the business." -Chris Isaak
"Don't peak in high school." -Lizzy Caplan
"Anybody singing the blues is in a deep pit yelling for help." -Mahalia Jackson
"Health care costs are eating the Defense Department alive." -Robert M. Gates
"The danger with running for president is sooner or later some sound bite is going hit." -Darrell Hammond
"Every historian discloses a new horizon." -George Sand
"Prepare a noble death song for the day when you go over the great divide." -Tecumseh
"Where there is love there is life." -Mahatma Gandhi
"Sometimes you win by losing." -Jeremy Jackson
"Regrets and recriminations only hurt your soul." -Armand Hammer
"Everything is so tech now; everyone is so connected that way." -Bill Hader
"Inevitably, these sorts of things are going to come back to blow up in people's faces." -Gregg Easterbrook
"I don't tend to lie. If I do, it's a little one. Like, 'I'm only around the corner...' when really I'm 10 minutes away." -Rebecca Ferguson
"I like characters who have faults. I'm drawn to darker people." -Hayley Atwell
"I've always liked all the sciences, like math, physics and biology." -Sigrid Agren
"I used to be a window cleaner. I got fired because I sometimes liked to drink the soapy water." -Jamelia
"Style is the perfection of a point of view." -Richard Eberhart
"I once wanted to become an atheist, but I gave up - they have no holidays." -Henny Youngman
"Clothes and manners do not make the man; but when he is made, they greatly improve his appearance." -Arthur Ashe
"The government is just too big, and we have to make it smaller; people are getting lost." -Stacey Dash
"Advertising is legalized lying." -H. G. Wells
"If it isn't the sheriff, it's the finance company; I've got more attachments on me than a vacuum cleaner." -John Barrymore
"Yeah, I know I'm ugly... I said to a bartender, 'Make me a zombie.' He said 'God beat me to it.'" -Rodney Dangerfield
"If God can work through me, he can work through anyone." -Francis of Assisi
"Bee to the blossom, moth to the flame; Each to his passion; what's in a name?" -Helen Hunt Jackson
"I think, being an actor, it's just a relief every time you get a part." -Jillian Bach
"I don't really consider myself a model, to be honest. I respect designers; I think it's another art, you know." -Josephine de La Baume
"Every great advance in natural knowledge has involved the absolute rejection of authority." -Thomas Huxley
"Never give in and never give up." -Hubert H. Humphrey
"Why should a city be mandated to do something by the federal government or state government without the money to do it?" -Richard M. Daley
"A friend to all is a friend to none." -Aristotle
"I think I avoid stepping into sentimentality by trying to be as truthful as possible with performances." -Lasse Hallstrom
"It's possible to love a human being if you don't know them too well." -Charles Bukowski
"Please God, let me hit one. I'll tell everybody you did it." -Reggie Jackson
"With Shakespeare, there's no subtext; you're speaking exactly what you're thinking constantly." -Oscar Isaac
"I'm such a grandma. I don't tweet; I don't have a Facebook page." -Kathryn Hahn
"I know it sounds corny, but when you follow your dreams, it happens. And if it's music, take it seriously." -Enrique Iglesias
"Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go." -Oscar Wilde
"Most people would have given up when faced with all the criticism I've received over the years." -Albert Ellis
"I decided to start professionally making music at about 11. I was like, 'Okay, this is something I really want to do.'" -Roshon Fegan
"I don't have a sidekick - no Ed McMahon. So when I go out there, I'm lonely. It's scary." -Carson Daly
"Some scientists use TeX or LatEX but for most people Word is the thing that writers use these days." -Miguel de Icaza
"I'm for whatever gets you through the night." -Frank Sinatra
"A tart temper never mellows with age, and a sharp tongue is the only edged tool that grows keener with constant use." -Washington Irving
"It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome." -William James
"I feel like I've started a new chapter in my life, and I need to leave the past behind." -Jennifer Capriati
"There is no way to be truly great in this world. We are all impaled on the crook of conditioning." -James Dean
"Do not fear what has blown up. If you must, fear the unexploded." -Suheir Hammad
"Running through things because you are familiar with them, breeds routine and this is the seed of boredom." -James Galway
"To do a 'Bond' picture is a blessing but also a curse." -Maryam D'Abo
"I've had very good meetings with Unionist leaders, Democratic Unionist Party, Ian Paisley and his team." -Peter Hain
"I realized I was an attractive older woman who never wanted to settle down." -Cindy Gallop
"Life is full and overflowing with the new. But it is necessary to empty out the old to make room for the new to enter." -Eileen Caddy
"Canada is the homeland of equality, justice and tolerance." -Kim Campbell
"We have to wake up. We have to refuse to be a clone." -Alice Walker
"He's computerized, but I won't let him come on cold. I created KITT. I understand the personality of the car." -William Daniels
"One of the great joys of my job is that you spend a huge amount of time investigating different areas of literature." -Stephen Daldry
"The difficulty is capturing surprise on film." -F. Murray Abraham
"The past, like the future, is indefinite and exists only as a spectrum of possibilities." -Stephen Hawking
"When you catch a glimpse of your potential, that's when passion is born." -Zig Ziglar
"It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one." -George Washington
"You have to stay faithful to what you're working on." -Stephen King
"America, thou half-brother of the world; with something good and bad of every land." -Philip James Bailey
"Only in England would 'professor gets divorced and remarried' be a story." -Niall Ferguson
"Never lose an opportunity of seeing anything beautiful, for beauty is God's handwriting." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up." -Vince Lombardi
"A leader has to 'appear' consistent. That doesn't mean he has to be consistent." -James Callaghan
"A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him." -David Brinkley
"I love parties. I love a good time." -F. Murray Abraham
"My first job in NYC was playing a gig in the early nineties at CBGBs." -James Iha
"Whoever controls the media, controls the mind." -Jim Morrison
"The bravest sight in the world is to see a great man struggling against adversity." -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"Movies are just ridiculously expensive." -Anthony Michael Hall
"Be good, keep your feet dry, your eyes open, your heart at peace and your soul in the joy of Christ." -Thomas Merton
"Slavery in West Africa, and in Rome and in the Mediterranean, was something different than slavery in America." -Edward Ball
"You have to know you can first. How comes later." -Vanna Bonta
"Always render more and better service than is expected of you, no matter what your task may be." -Og Mandino
"When the country is at war, you need to support the president." -Ralph Hall
"To treat your facts with imagination is one thing, to imagine your facts is another." -John Burroughs
"Behind every successful man is a woman, behind her is his wife." -Groucho Marx
"It's the middle class that feels the luxury of being able to have causes." -Orson Scott Card
"O sweet, delusive Noon, Which the morning climbs to find, O moment sped too soon, And morning left behind." -Helen Hunt Jackson
"Satisfaction consists in freedom from pain, which is the positive element of life." -Arthur Schopenhauer
"I have very old-fashioned tastes." -Jerry Hall
"One morning I woke up and was plunged into psychological shock. I had forgotten I was free." -Jack Henry Abbott
"I was using them as teachers for technique but I was never trying to be a folk." -John Fahey
"I saw my wife at a pool, flipped over her, and 14 days later we were married." -James Garner
"People never know what they want, though everyone says they do. If they did, nobody would ever be surprised." -J. J. Abrams
"I feel honored to have been a part of that dramatic change." -Lionel Hampton
"If you get a diagnosis, get on a therapy, keep a good attitude and keep your sense of humor." -Teri Garr
"I am pleased to tell you that he is finally getting some rest and is regaining his appetite as well." -LaToya Jackson
"The voyage of discovery is not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes." -Marcel Proust
"Obviously talent gets you to a certain point, but it's what you do with it, how you handle." -Brett Favre
"Until one has loved an animal a part of one's soul remains unawakened." -Anatole France
"The second time I went to jail, I was like, 'Okay, this is not the move.'" -The Notorious B.I.G.
"A cold heart is my protection mechanism. I don't really feel anything for anyone." -Emmanuel Jal
"Honestly, I grew up in pretty modest circumstances. We were a middle-class family." -Larry Gagosian
"Old age is like a plane flying through a storm. Once you're aboard, there's nothing you can do." -Golda Meir
"I don't like publicity, being in the limelight." -Paul Ince
"It is good that war is so horrible, or we might grow to like it." -Robert E. Lee
"It was the best of times, it was the worst of times." -Charles Dickens
"The Australian public are very fair and they are always prepared to give the leader of a major political party a fair go." -Tony Abbott
"It's so fine and yet so terrible to stand in front of a blank canvas." -Paul Cezanne
"I am not ashamed to confess that I am ignorant of what I do not know." -Marcus Tullius Cicero
"You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you." -Alan Watts
"I have selective hearing." -Eddie Van Halen
"Mortality defines the human condition." -Drew Gilpin Faust
"We live in an age of mediocrity." -Lauren Bacall
"My early days in Broadway were all comedies. I never did a straight play on Broadway." -Gene Hackman
"I was very, very large as a kid and never athletic, and my home life was a little upside down and I never felt comfortable." -Brad Garrett
"How far that little candle throws its beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world." -William Shakespeare
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." -Henry David Thoreau
"If only I may grow: firmer, simpler, quieter, warmer." -Dag Hammarskjold
"Do you love me because I'm beautiful, or am I beautiful because you love me?" -Oscar Hammerstein II
"People will generally accept facts as truth only if the facts agree with what they already believe." -Andy Rooney
"The so-called skills gap is really a gap in education, and that affects all of us." -Adam Davidson
"I enjoy singing; being in touch with something that is inside of me." -Roger Daltrey
"Regarding fame, fortune and Oregon I do wish I had more money." -John Fahey
"I'm very superstitious. I come from a family that's big on not painting the nursery until the baby is home." -Nina Jacobson
"On the McGuire course, there's a technique called 'cancellation' where negative experiences are replaced with positive ones." -Gareth Gates
"The thankful receiver bears a plentiful harvest." -William Blake
"I'd love to a duet with Luther Vandross." -Sheena Easton
"Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers." -Alfred Lord Tennyson
"Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower." -Albert Camus
"I have a problem sometimes with being too hyper." -Kevin Garnett
"Be careful what you set your heart upon - for it will surely be yours." -James A. Baldwin
"I was a trial lawyer when I was elected to Congress." -Geraldine Ferraro
"I don't believe anyone is ugly." -Andrew Garfield
"I'm not much for talking. You know what I do. I put guys in body bags when I'm right." -Mike Tyson
"Freedom is the only law which genius knows." -James Russell Lowell
"I work, play and do everything in French." -Philippe Falardeau
"We have to do with the past only as we can make it useful to the present and the future." -Frederick Douglass
"When you look at me, when you think of me, I am in paradise." -William Makepeace Thackeray
"Where large sums of money are concerned, it is advisable to trust nobody." -Agatha Christie
"I never want to feel that I'm playing it safe." -Christian Bale
"Things always happen in series." -Arthur Adamov
"I might dream, but I am no dreamer." -Jack Abramoff
"CJ is my nickname. It stands for Cameron, and my middle name is John." -CJ Adams
"Some people think luxury is the opposite of poverty. It is not. It is the opposite of vulgarity." -Coco Chanel
"If a horse doesn't want to do something, you're not going to make him do it. They're incredibly powerful animals." -Jeremy Irvine
"The human mind, if it is to keep its sanity, must maintain the nicest balance between unity and plurality." -Irving Babbitt
"You don't leave behind box office scores or how many dollars changed hands." -Alex Van Halen
"I think a primal role of a man in a relationship is to protect his woman." -Armie Hammer
"I consider looseness with words no less of a defect than looseness of the bowels." -John Calvin
"The American temptation is to believe that foreign policy is a subdivision of psychiatry." -Henry A. Kissinger
"The pillars of truth and the pillars of freedom - they are the pillars of society." -Henrik Ibsen
"Ability is of little account without opportunity." -Lucille Ball
"The South Downs of England reminded me a bit of my Old Virginia homeland." -Billy Campbell
"We shall meet again. I have believed in God. I obeyed the laws of war and was loyal to my flag." -Adolf Eichmann
"I did sketch comedy for years. I've always enjoyed it." -Jamie Farr
"Everyone of us needs to show how much we care for each other and, in the process, care for ourselves." -Princess Diana
"Culture is not made up but something that evolves which is human." -Edward T. Hall
"It is one of the truisms of politics that a conservative is often enough a former liberal who has been 'mugged by reality.'" -Frank Gaffney
"It is my supposition that the Universe in not only queerer than we imagine, is queerer than we can imagine." -John B. S. Haldane
"I grew up in the West, grew up on the land, was educated as a geologist." -Bruce Babbitt
"It is a man's own mind, not his enemy or foe, that lures him to evil ways." -Buddha
"Life takes on meaning when you become motivated, set goals and charge after them in an unstoppable manner." -Les Brown
"I'm a staunch anti-Castro individual." -Andy Garcia
"The common people have no history: persecuted by the present, they cannot think of preserving the memory of the past." -Jean Henri Fabre
"The conspicuously wealthy turn up urging the character building values of the privation of the poor." -John Kenneth Galbraith
"I have gone to the forest." -Knut Hamsun
"Religion is excellent stuff for keeping common people quiet." -Napoleon Bonaparte
"It is easy enough to define what the Commonwealth is not. Indeed this is quite a popular pastime." -Queen Elizabeth II
"I'd probably sit around the house and get lonesome if I didn't have something to do." -David Edwards
"'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all." -Alfred Lord Tennyson
"I don't need to be married, but I feel married." -Jon Hamm
"Only the poet can look beyond the detail and see the whole picture." -Helen Hayes
"I'm just like my fans, and that's the way I like it." -Tyler Farr
"Patriotism is an instant reaction that fades away when the war starts." -Mick Jagger
"Immaturity is the incapacity to use one's intelligence without the guidance of another." -Immanuel Kant
"There is no rank in sacrifice." -Josephus Daniels
"You have to take criticism with a grain of salt because you're never going to please everybody." -Yolanda Adams
"We need to open up the future. We also need to keep everything valuable from the past." -John Eaton
"I think that making love is the best form of exercise." -Cary Grant
"I understand personally that it is frustrating to lose presidential elections by narrow margins." -James Baker
"There a great ethnic cuisine available to you in Chicago." -Jose Garces
"The strength and power of despotism consists wholly in the fear of resistance." -Thomas Paine
"Jerry Ford is so dumb he can't fart and chew gum at the same time." -Lyndon B. Johnson
"Let your life lightly dance on the edges of Time like dew on the tip of a leaf." -Rabindranath Tagore
"Goodness makes greatness truly valuable, and greatness make goodness much more serviceable." -Matthew Henry
"Yeah, improvising only really works 100% when you're with somebody." -Bill Hader
"Finishing races is important, but racing is more important." -Dale Earnhardt
"I'd say that Spanish football is probably the best I've seen." -Gareth Bale
"O accursed hunger of gold, to what dost thou not compel human hearts!" -Virgil
"I think that writers are, at best, outsiders to the society they inhabit. They have a kind of detachment, or try to have." -John Irving
"We all agree that pessimism is a mark of superior intellect." -John Kenneth Galbraith
"No, I didn't become disenchanted. I just couldn't paint like them." -Lawrence Ferlinghetti
"The law does not pretend to punish everything that is dishonest. That would seriously interfere with business." -Clarence Darrow
"Keeping the Sabbath day holy is much more than just physical rest. It involves spiritual renewal and worship." -James E. Faust
"Film is such a powerful medium. It's like a weapon and I think you have a duty to self-censor." -Peter Jackson
"It seems to be part of the human condition to need someone you can look down on. I still don't get that one." -Janis Ian
"An orator is the worse person to tell a plain fact." -Maria Edgeworth
"They didn't treat him right here. I know if I was him, I wouldn't come back." -Joseph Jackson
"Life in the twentieth century is like a parachute jump: you have to get it right the first time." -Margaret Mead
"If it's music, I love it." -Randy Jackson
"'Lawrence of Arabia' is a film that anyone wanting to become an actor should watch at least six hundred times." -Sid Haig
"The Spice Girl Victoria Beckham has just published the story of her life. I confess that it is not in my reading table." -Mick Jagger
"We must make sure that there is recess and P.E. class in every school, getting kids outside for 60 minutes, every day." -Darell Hammond
"Landscape photography is the supreme test of the photographer - and often the supreme disappointment." -Ansel Adams
"I refuse to confide and don't like it when people write about art." -Balthus
"Rejoice in the things that are present; all else is beyond thee." -Michel de Montaigne
"It's nice to have material things but they're very superficial aren't they?" -Mark Addy
"Desire nothing, give up all desires and be happy." -Swami Sivananda
"Grace is but glory begun, and glory is but grace perfected." -Jonathan Edwards
"Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom." -Soren Kierkegaard
"I don't want to sell my soul to Hollywood - to just make run-of-the-mill stuff." -Lee Daniels
"The dearest things I know are what you are." -Oscar Hammerstein II
"Every theory of love, from Plato down, teaches that each individual loves in the other sex what he lacks in himself." -G. Stanley Hall
"Making music is still what keeps a fire going on in me." -Alan Jackson
"I pledged to become the world's greatest expert in a field I knew nothing about." -A. J. Jacobs
"You know why divorces are so expensive? They're worth it." -Willie Nelson
"Every song, every form of art, clothing, shoes, it has to be special." -Afrojack
"Weirdness is not my game. I'm just a square boy from Wisconsin." -Willem Dafoe
"Painting, drawing - I'm really into photography, I've done it since high school." -Dianna Agron
"My life is a big accident, so where I end up, I think it's all accidents." -Kathryn Hahn
"To my knowledge, there's never been a scientist in the U.S. Senate." -Peter Agre
"My main goal is to really make people think, and laugh while they do so." -Stacey Dash
"I miss the guys. I don't get to see them often. We do get together in Houston now and then." -Earl Campbell
"Traffic was very, very free. It was great." -Jim Capaldi
"When the strong box contains no more both friends and flatterers shun the door." -Plutarch
"The love story for me was the nature of the love and not the age of the lovers." -Kate Capshaw
"I haven't paid for anything since I became famous." -Melissa de la Cruz
"I'd rather control someone than be controlled." -Janina Gavankar
"Great hopes make great men." -Thomas Fuller
"She was good at playing abstract confusion in the same way that a midget is good at being short." -Clive James
"You know you're getting old when you stoop to tie your shoelaces and wonder what else you could do while you're down there." -George Burns
"But I think my mistakes became the chemistry for my miracles. I think that my tests became my testimonies." -T. D. Jakes
"I routinely never discuss my marriage. It's nice to have things in my life that are totally mine." -Ryan Adams
"I've never felt any particular desire to be married." -Cindy Gallop
"The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it." -Hubert H. Humphrey
"Every morning I tell myself, 'Today has to be productive' - and then something happens that prevents me from writing." -Italo Calvino
"In any group there is more or less tension between people, and there are complicities and affinities." -Guillaume Canet
"The bad guys are the best parts." -Brion James
"Sometimes one likes foolish people for their folly, better than wise people for their wisdom." -Elizabeth Gaskell
"Yeah, I don't have a whole lot of problems." -James Garner
"It is the want to know the end that makes us believe in God, or witchcraft, believe, at least, in something." -Truman Capote
"I envy people who can think, 'No, I'm not going to work today' when they have a huge pile of deadlines stacking up." -Julian Fellowes
"People write negatives things, cause they feel that's what sells. Good news to them, doesn't sell." -Michael Jackson
"Disasters are called natural, as if nature were the executioner and not the victim." -Eduardo Galeano
"Any idiot can get laid when they're famous. That's easy. It's getting laid when you're not famous that takes some talent." -Kevin Bacon
"Ignorant men raise questions that wise men answered a thousand years ago." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"If you don't know where you are going, every road will get you nowhere." -Henry A. Kissinger
"There shall be no solution to this race problem until you, yourselves, strike the blow for liberty." -Marcus Garvey
"Bores can be divided into two classes; those who have their own particular subject, and those who do not need a subject." -A. A. Milne
"If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it." -Andy Rooney
"Into each life some rain must fall." -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"Man is condemned to be free; because once thrown into the world, he is responsible for everything he does." -Jean-Paul Sartre
"Why should I care about posterity? What's posterity ever done for me?" -Groucho Marx
"Leadership - leadership is about taking responsibility, not making excuses." -Mitt Romney
"If there's one thing I really want for my birthday, that is for the mining company not to mine my daddy's reserve." -Bindi Irwin
"An identity would seem to be arrived at by the way in which the person faces and uses his experience." -James Baldwin
"New York City is a notoriously hard market to perform country music in." -Trace Adkins
"Light, God's eldest daughter, is a principal beauty in a building." -Thomas Fuller
"Where the ball went was up to heaven. Sometimes I threw the ball clean up into the stands." -Bob Feller
"Egotist: a person more interested in himself than in me." -Ambrose Bierce
"Intelligence is the wife, imagination is the mistress, memory is the servant." -Victor Hugo
"Anthemic rock music is inherently fascist - anything intended to move huge masses of people is politically offensive to me." -Donald Fagen
"You must be in tune with the times and prepared to break with tradition." -James Agee
"A woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea." -Honore de Balzac
"I haven't had the time to plan returning to the scene because I haven't left it." -Mick Jagger
"Comics are in my blood. It's my strange addiction, and I love it." -Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa
"Children need parameters, know what's right or wrong." -Andy Garcia
"The importance of poetry is not measured, finally, by what the poet says but by how he says it." -Mahmoud Darwish
"The corridor is hardly ever found in small houses, apart from the verandah, which also serves as a corridor." -Stephen Gardiner
"It is astonishing with how little wisdom mankind can be governed, when that little wisdom is its own." -William Ralph Inge
"Many people believe that they are attracted by God, or by Nature, when they are only repelled by man." -William Ralph Inge
"I would like to find a stew that will give me heartburn immediately, instead of at three o clock in the morning." -John Barrymore
"You have to take risks. We will only understand the miracle of life fully when we allow the unexpected to happen." -Paulo Coelho
"There is nothing that puts a man more in your debt than that he owes you nothing." -Mark Caine
"I feel very, very proud that so many people have copied me." -Alec Issigonis
"Sometimes there is a greater lack of communication in facile talking than in silence." -Faith Baldwin
"I know what I don't know. To this day, I don't know technology, and I don't know finance or accounting." -Bernard Ebbers
"It's very lonely bringing up a child on your own." -Diane Abbott
"All things are difficult before they are easy." -Thomas Fuller
"Thank you, horseradish, for being neither a radish nor a horse. What you are is a liar food." -Jimmy Fallon
"I loved old movies as a kid, so I always watched old movies." -Keith David
"Ice ages have come and gone. Coral reefs have persisted." -Sylvia Earle
"I feel arrogant trying to give people advice." -Jeremy Irvine
"Anybody who has political ambition has an Achilles heel." -James Callis
"There is a syndrome in sports called 'paralysis by analysis.'" -Arthur Ashe
"I always wanted to design for films." -Ken Adam
"We must believe in free will, we have no choice." -Isaac Bashevis Singer
"Social justice cannot be attained by violence. Violence kills what it intends to create." -Pope John Paul II
"If you always do what interests you, at least one person is pleased." -Katharine Hepburn
"One advantage in keeping a diary is that you become aware with reassuring clarity of the changes which you constantly suffer." -Franz Kafka
"To accomplish great things we must first dream, then visualize, then plan... believe... act!" -Alfred A. Montapert
"The journey from teaching about love to allowing myself to be loved proved much longer than I realised." -Henri Nouwen
"Keeping your space clean is as much a part of the end result as the dish being tasty." -Carla Hall
"I think there are problems with compact disc copy protection that can't be resolved." -Edward Felten
"Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it." -William Arthur Ward
"The youth of France do not want a new neo-liberal contract." -Peter Hall
"Be Skeptical, but learn to listen." -Miguel Angel Ruiz
"It's a European Union of economic failure, of mass unemployment and of low growth." -Nigel Farage
"Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise." -Sigmund Freud
"As soon as I know how to do something, I usually get bored with it." -Stephen Daldry
"I like the idea of shows where I don't know where I'll be at the end of the season." -Amy Acker
"I read whatever is put in front of me. I gobble up books." -Kara Hayward
"There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them." -Denis Waitley
"I think it's morally wrong to keep someone away from what keeps him happy." -Kirk Hammett
"If I could remember the names of all these particles, I'd be a botanist." -Enrico Fermi
"Be faithful to that which exists within yourself." -Andre Gide
"To read without reflecting is like eating without digesting." -Edmund Burke
"Though ambition in itself is a vice, it often is also the parent of virtue." -Hosea Ballou
"You can't take people's opinions personally. Usually what people say about it is a reflection of them own issues." -Terrence J
"I'll come to any benefit if I see SCLC get all the money." -Mahalia Jackson
"I was always singing around my house, and my parents thought they should put me into voice lessons just for fun." -Jennifer Damiano
"I am many things, but one of the things I am is a lesbian." -Clare Balding
"This idea of trying to repeat a success doesn't interest me. It's only really done to make money." -Agnetha Faltskog
"You can't stumble upon something new and wonderful if you don't have time to stumble." -Janet Echelman
"The mastery of nature is vainly believed to be an adequate substitute for self mastery." -Reinhold Niebuhr
"A great social success is a pretty girl who plays her cards as carefully as if she were plain." -F. Scott Fitzgerald
"I was very happy being a secretary. I loved working for the government. I was very happy with my life." -Fawn Hall
"Every one of my buildings begins with an Italian journey." -Alvar Aalto
"The family was not only the social unit, but also the unit of government." -Charles Eastman
"The first and worst of all frauds is to cheat one's self. All sin is easy after that." -Pearl Bailey
"Good habits formed at youth make all the difference." -Aristotle
"Everything is clearer when you're in love." -John Lennon
"I try to get the best performance an actor can give." -Taylor Hackford
"I'm sort of fascinated by the whole espionage crime thing." -Aaron Eckhart
"You try to avoid the mistakes you made in the past." -Julio Iglesias
"The death of a beautiful woman, is unquestionably the most poetical topic in the world." -Edgar Allan Poe
"Excellence always sells." -Earl Nightingale
"Only the person who has faith in himself is able to be faithful to others." -Erich Fromm
"I respect faith, but doubt is what gives you an education." -Wilson Mizner
"Anybody can observe the Sabbath, but making it holy surely takes the rest of the week." -Alice Walker
"The courage of the poet is to keep ajar the door that leads into madness." -Christopher Morley
"The right thing to do never requires any subterfuge, it is always simple and direct." -Calvin Coolidge
"Most people live in a myth and grow violently angry if anyone dares to tell them the truth about themselves." -Robert Anton Wilson
"My imagination is a monastery and I am its monk." -John Keats
"If an injury has to be done to a man it should be so severe that his vengeance need not be feared." -Niccolo Machiavelli
"I think having children in general is always very helpful for acting." -Josh Hamilton
"The strong manly ones in life are those who understand the meaning of the word patience." -Tokugawa Ieyasu
"Today's youth are told to get rich or die trying and they really shouldn't take that attitude forward with them." -Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
"I always end up hurting myself doing something mundane. If I have to do some complicated stunt, I'm fine." -Lauren Cohan
"In science, technology, engineering and mathematics, men far outnumber women in the classroom and the boardroom." -Weili Dai
"There is no greater harm than that of time wasted." -Michelangelo
"The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual." -Vince Lombardi
"Genius is initiative on fire." -Holbrook Jackson
"I like being like a chameleon who transforms himself with each role." -Oscar Isaac
"You only have to do a very few things right in your life so long as you don't do too many things wrong." -Warren Buffett
"If you see everything through the lens, you are constantly composing pictures. I think in pictures; I don't think in text." -Alison Jackson
"I am through with this body, and what becomes of it will make no difference with me in the future." -Alex Campbell
"I hate housework! You make the beds, you do the dishes and six months later you have to start all over again." -Joan Rivers
"There cannot be greater rudeness than to interrupt another in the current of his discourse." -John Locke
"I'm such a good lover because I practice a lot on my own." -Woody Allen
"As a kid, I remember taking apart whatever I could get my hands on." -Jonathan Ive
"Don't be afraid to express yourself through fashion!" -Chanel Iman
"The person that said winning isn't everything, never won anything." -Mia Hamm
"America's doctors, nurses and medical researchers are the best in the world, but our health care system is broken." -Mike Ferguson
"When men and women agree, it is only in their conclusions; their reasons are always different." -George Santayana
"No matter how much success you're having, you can't continue working together if you can't communicate." -Matt Cameron
"The way to tell a really big story, I think, is to tell a really small story." -Bruce Feiler
"We make the world we live in and shape our own environment." -Orison Swett Marden
"I believe that when you work on yourself, you are attracted by different, more positive beings." -Isabelle Adjani
"I've never been one to look up the ladder. I've always looked down the ladder. As long as there's one guy down there, I'm fine." -Ron White
"Yoga is the perfect way to de-stress and work out at the same time." -Shannon Elizabeth
"I am not a party girl." -Bridget Hall
"When we are in love we seem to ourselves quite different from what we were before." -Blaise Pascal
"I actually did a remix for Katy Perry, and her management didn't respond." -Afrojack
"I never lose sight of the fact that just being is fun." -Katharine Hepburn
"In real life you are doomed if you believe in youth and money, but not here in Hollywood. Nothing is what it seems." -Amanda Eliasch
"Without a song, each day would be a century." -Mahalia Jackson
"The most staggering linguistic turnabout for me is the one that equates green economy with 'sustained economic growth.'" -Tim Jackson
"After all those years of doing a live, hour-and-a-half show every week, I've got nothing more I need to prove." -Sid Caesar
"Well, I don't think we should go to the moon. I think we maybe should send some politicians up there." -Ron Paul
"You never really know a man until you have divorced him." -Zsa Zsa Gabor
"It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data." -Arthur Conan Doyle
"These censorship people think something is going to promote behavior in people." -Max Cannon
"It is only in adventure that some people succeed in knowing themselves - in finding themselves." -Andre Gide
"From heav'nly thoughts all true delight doth spring." -Thomas Campion
"I wonder sometimes if the motivation for writers ought to be contempt, not admiration." -Orson Scott Card
"In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move." -Douglas Adams
"I think if I am to win an Olympic medal I'll have to score like I did today." -Tom Daley
"If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there." -Lewis Carroll
"Art is man's constant effort to create for himself a different order of reality from that which is given to him." -Chinua Achebe
"I love getting dressed up, but I want to be remembered for my singing." -Jessie J
"One swallow does not make a summer, but one skein of geese, cleaving the murk of March thaw, is the Spring." -Aldo Leopold
"I believe that Canadians have the common sense to see that a better future cannot be built on fragmentation." -Kim Campbell
"Dance is certainly a sport, and they are phenomenal athletes, and they're also artists." -Neve Campbell
"Whenever you do anything with Bond, you've got Cubby Broccoli and Sean Connery looking over your shoulder." -Bruce Feirstein
"I believe there is something out there watching us. Unfortunately, it's the government." -Woody Allen
"In the confusion we stay with each other, happy to be together, speaking without uttering a single word." -Walt Whitman
"Justice and power must be brought together, so that whatever is just may be powerful, and whatever is powerful may be just." -Blaise Pascal
"No woman marries for money; they are all clever enough, before marrying a millionaire, to fall in love with him first." -Cesare Pavese
"Poetry is plucking at the heartstrings, and making music with them." -Dennis Gabor
"You have to believe what you say, and if you believe what you are saying, then acting is easy." -Jean-Claude Van Damme
"I wouldn't say the nightlife for anybody in New York is all that wholesome." -Terry Farrell
"'The Exorcist' is amazing because it recognizes that silences can be as powerful as sound effects." -Frank Darabont
"Your problem is you're... too busy holding onto your unworthiness." -Ram Dass
"I've got to take a break, to be honest. I'm not even going to lie." -Sean Combs
"The gross heathenism of civilization has generally destroyed nature, and poetry, and all that is spiritual." -John Muir
"I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?" -Ernest Hemingway
"Happiness can exist only in acceptance." -George Orwell
"Tiggers don't like honey." -A. A. Milne
"War would end if the dead could return." -Stanley Baldwin
"I maintain that nothing useful and lasting can emerge from violence." -Shirin Ebadi
"I hate being alone, even for 10 minutes." -Clare Balding
"You get so used to a world that you complain, but never actually want anything different. Why crave the unfamiliar?" -Shanola Hampton
"If the studios paid the artists, how would they ever be able to afford the executives?" -Eric Idle
"You're never too old, too wacky, too wild, to pick up a book and read to a child." -Dr. Seuss
"I am still learning." -Michelangelo
"I don't have any specific plans to return to the 'Age of the Five.' If I do, it won't be a sequel." -Trudi Canavan
"There is always a point when one senses one's lack of skill, the doubt." -Arne Jacobsen
"There's only so many times you can read how ugly you are and how much people hate you." -Lizzy Caplan
"A first sign of the beginning of understanding is the wish to die." -Franz Kafka
"Don't accept that you are in crisis just because everyone says you are." -Alastair Campbell
"With stealth technology, the U.S. could spy on its Cold War adversaries without running the risk of getting caught." -Annie Jacobsen
"I can't travel without Sudoku." -Robert Ballard
"The difference between something good and something great is attention to detail." -Charles R. Swindoll
"You can achieve only that which you will do." -George Halas
"We are afraid to care too much, for fear that the other person does not care at all." -Eleanor Roosevelt
"Sometimes you can do things for people other than yourself." -Sebastian Bach
"I still get crazy once in a while, but just less crazy." -Sebastian Bach
"I model jeans. You need a bum for those." -Georgia May Jagger
"I wish the world was run by women. Women who have given birth and know the value of their creation." -Simin Daneshvar
"I've always had a middling kind of a career, not great highs and great lows." -Blythe Danner
"Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'" -Martin Luther King, Jr.
"I think the way to think about the impact of Hiroshima is to think about it as a sudden shift in the balance of power." -John Lewis Gaddis
"Well, that day is gone, and it will not occur again." -Dianne Feinstein
"High heels were invented by a woman who had been kissed on the forehead." -Christopher Morley
"Prosperity is a great teacher; adversity a greater." -William Hazlitt
"I've had a lot of struggles and I would be in a lot of trouble, I think, if I wasn't a Christian." -Victoria Jackson
"When I write, it's like watching a movie in my head." -Simone Elkeles
"The thing about it is, all those races we lost, we won this race together. We won it as a team." -Dale Earnhardt
"As for acting, I took drama lessons when I was in high school." -Megan Gallagher
"Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time." -Steven Wright
"Deep down, I'm pretty superficial." -Ava Gardner
"Good teachers make the best of a pupil's means; great teachers foresee a pupil's ends." -Maria Callas
"One never knows whether people have principles on principle or whether for their own personal satisfaction." -Karel Capek
"Fear... is forward. No one is afraid of yesterday." -Renata Adler
"I'm excited to be a part of the Marvel universe because I grew up with it." -Brett Dalton
"I've never been opposed to nudity. I've been opposed to nudity for box-office draw." -Neve Campbell
"Success is a journey, not a destination. The doing is often more important than the outcome." -Arthur Ashe
"Great things are done by a series of small things brought together." -Vincent Van Gogh
"Death will be a great relief. No more interviews." -Katharine Hepburn
"Old age is the verdict of life." -Amelia Barr
"I would say that my peak was making my first million at the ripe age of 29, after the first album." -Anita Baker
"To love is so startling it leaves little time for anything else." -Emily Dickinson
"Art is a collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better." -Andre Gide
"If you can do a half-assed job of anything, you're a one-eyed man in a kingdom of the blind." -Kurt Vonnegut
"The thing that drives me more than anything else is being a father." -Dean Cain
"Endurance is nobler than strength, and patience than beauty." -John Ruskin
"Any dictator would admire the uniformity and obedience of the U.S. media." -Noam Chomsky
"When you live in a networked environment, it's possible to separate data from applications." -Stephen Cambone
"I was the class innuendist." -Michael Feldman
"A cookbook is not like being an author. It's writing down recipes; it's not writing." -Grant Achatz
"My parents signed me up for classical guitar lessons, which made for two years of the most depressing Wednesday evenings." -Andrew Garfield
"Babies should be classified as an antidepressant. It's pretty hard to be in a bad mood around a 5-month-old baby." -Jim Gaffigan
"Comedy has to be based on truth. You take the truth and you put a little curlicue at the end." -Sid Caesar
"When I was a school kid in Coventry, I used to put up anti-apartheid stickers." -Jerry Dammers
"I didn't come here and I ain't leavin'." -Willie Nelson
"New York is not going to be a foreign place to me.They didn't revoke my visa." -Mallory Factor
"The present is the ever moving shadow that divides yesterday from tomorrow. In that lies hope." -Frank Lloyd Wright
"If Heaven exists, to know that there's laughter, that would be a great thing." -Robin Williams
"It is an extra dividend when you like the girl you've fallen in love with." -Clark Gable
"Most drama in our lives is really rather squalid." -Tom Baker
"When I look into the future, it's so bright it burns my eyes." -Oprah Winfrey
"This generation of filmmakers is very good. They're seasoned, for some reason." -Dennis Farina
"When I have no appointments, I spend the day in pajamas and go to the dog park in pajamas. I'm very casual." -Alexandra Daddario
"Ike runs the country, and I turn the pork chops." -Mamie Eisenhower
"I was always exploring relationships between art and science." -Ariel Garten
"The outward work will never be puny if the inward work is great." -Meister Eckhart
"After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb." -Nelson Mandela
"Everybody has a high point and a lot goes into that: timing, situation, general consciousness." -Alex Van Halen
"People may hear your words, but they feel your attitude." -John C. Maxwell
"You know when a song has a melody or some kind of element that affects you, and that is what I am trying to go for." -Britt Daniel
"The tendency to claim God as an ally for our partisan value and ends is the source of all religious fanaticism." -Reinhold Niebuhr
"Creativity can only be anarchic, capitalist, Darwinian." -Umberto Eco
"I mean to make myself a man, and if I succeed in that, I shall succeed in everything else." -James A. Garfield
"Dinner was made for eating, not for talking." -William Makepeace Thackeray
"Neither blame or praise yourself." -Plutarch
"Career-wise, I feel very lucky to have always been able to follow my creative path." -Alison Jackson
"Mr. Fantasy was the only song that was scribbling on a piece of paper." -Jim Capaldi
"Bride: A woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her." -Ambrose Bierce
"To be surprised, to wonder, is to begin to understand." -Jose Ortega y Gasset
"Every man has his follies - and often they are the most interesting thing he has got." -Josh Billings
"Our dead are never dead to us, until we have forgotten them." -George Eliot
"Some persons talk simply because they think sound is more manageable than silence." -Margaret Halsey
"The ache for home lives in all of us, the safe place where we can go as we are and not be questioned." -Maya Angelou
"Zeal without humanity is like a ship without a rudder, liable to be stranded at any moment." -Owen Feltham
"There is nothin' like a dame." -Oscar Hammerstein II
"I felt profoundly ashamed, I was very much upset." -Otto Hahn
"When you put the musical in front of an audience, you get to see how the audience reacts." -Jennifer Damiano
"The care of human life and happiness, and not their destruction, is the first and only object of good government." -Thomas Jefferson
"Well, I screwed it up real good, didn't I?" -Richard M. Nixon
"To disbelieve is easy; to scoff is simple; to have faith is harder." -Louis L'Amour
"Every artist was first an amateur." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Both my mother and father were very supportive of any career move any of us wanted to make." -James Gandolfini
"All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up." -Pablo Picasso
"A leader is a dealer in hope." -Napoleon Bonaparte
"It was a lack of system that made the '30s Depression as inevitable as all others previously suffered." -Carroll O'Connor
"I'm a huge shoe person, and I have lots of shoes." -Kimberly Caldwell
"In the end I didn't get a top car any more. I had no toughness left. That was the reality." -Jacky Ickx
"A leader is admired, a boss is feared." -Vicente del Bosque
"Doubt is not the opposite of faith; it is one element of faith." -Paul Tillich
"I'm conservative on some issues, and I'm progressive on others." -Bill Halter
"I am a geologist." -Robert Ballard
"I just really don't like being the center of attention that much. It's kind of ironic." -Jimmy Fallon
"God is a God who has not given up on His people. If He wanted to give up, He would have given up back in the Garden of Eden." -Kirk Cameron
"Accountability breeds response-ability." -Stephen Covey
"Simple things don't interest me." -Hiam Abbass
"I don't think I'm curvaceous. It's simply that most other actresses are really, stupidly tiny." -Hayley Atwell
"If I can put one touch of rosy sunset into the life of any man or woman, I shall feel that I have worked with God." -Gilbert K. Chesterton
"I change during the course of a day. I wake and I'm one person, and when I go to sleep I know for certain I'm somebody else." -Bob Dylan
"I try hard to look hip but ladylike; current, but not like I'm trying to be 16." -Morgan Fairchild
"The trouble with the future is that is usually arrives before we're ready for it." -Arnold H. Glasow
"I own two or three pairs of jeans and a bunch of T-shirts." -Santiago Cabrera
"There are no necessary evils in government. Its evils exist only in its abuses." -Andrew Jackson
"He who hugs too much, hugs badly!" -Jeanne Calment
"Almost everything is like a machine." -Ray Dalio
"Trust and belief are two prime considerations. You must not allow yourself to be opinionated." -James Dean
"I fell off my pink cloud with a thud." -Elizabeth Taylor
"The level of our success is limited only by our imagination and no act of kindness, however small, is ever wasted." -Aesop
"When a singer truly feels and experiences what the music is all about, the words will automatically ring true." -Montserrat Caballe
"Learning to read the Bible in the light of the times in which it was written is critical." -Adam Hamilton
"You drown not by falling into a river, but by staying submerged in it." -Paulo Coelho
"The limits of tyrants are prescribed by the endurance of those whom they oppose." -Frederick Douglass
"Cockroaches and socialites are the only things that can stay up all night and eat anything." -Herb Caen
"The big question is whether you are going to be able to say a hearty yes to your adventure." -Joseph Campbell
"Best way to get rid of kitchen odors: Eat out." -Phyllis Diller
"Great ideology creates great times." -Kim Jong Il
"The old cathedrals are good, but the great blue dome that hangs over everything is better." -Thomas Carlyle
"I also became close to nature, and am now able to appreciate the beauty with which this world is endowed." -James Dean
"A delusion is something that people believe in despite a total lack of evidence." -Richard Dawkins
"With humour, there is life." -JR
"I never use the word, it's loaded. What love means to me is need." -John Cale
"I make films about working class people." -Taylor Hackford
"I am absolutely delighted to get back into football with Livingston." -Kenny Dalglish
"Hell, there are no rules here - we're trying to accomplish something." -Thomas A. Edison
"For me, music is in the choice of what not to play as much as in what you've chosen to play." -Feist
"Whenever you look at light, basically it's just air. It has no tactileness to it. It's totally without density." -Robert Irwin
"It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them." -Alfred Adler
"Our mail product, Hotmail, is the market leader globally." -Steve Ballmer
"Being Irish is very much a part of who I am. I take it everywhere with me." -Colin Farrell
"My ancestors were fighters, something I have inherited." -Eric Cantona
"Charity degrades those who receive it and hardens those who dispense it." -George Sand
"Man's greatness consists in his ability to do and the proper application of his powers to things needed to be done." -Frederick Douglass
"The greatest moral failing is to condemn something as a moral failing: no vice is worse than being judgmental." -Julian Baggini
"Beauty, to me is about being comfortable in your own skin." -Gwyneth Paltrow
"When you're bored with yourself, marry and be bored with someone else." -Edward VIII
"I don't have any reason to hate anybody; I believe in good karma and spreading good energy." -Vanilla Ice
"This band has never had an argument. It's just amazing." -Dave Edmunds
"I have to be seen to be believed." -Queen Elizabeth II
"My son complains about headaches. I tell him all the time, when you get out of bed, it's feet first!" -Henny Youngman
"Lovers who love truly do not write down their happiness." -Anatole France
"I get to play a great character while working with great actors and great directors on a great show." -Harry Hamlin
"Love is so much better when you're not married." -Maria Callas
"Quotation, n: The act of repeating erroneously the words of another." -Ambrose Bierce
"Classical music is something that we're very passionate about, but we always thought it was presented in a stuffy way." -Aleksey Igudesman
"My parents were divorced when I was young. I was really brought up by my mother's side of the family." -Bill de Blasio
"Nothing prevents happiness like the memory of happiness." -Andre Gide
"I would rather propose a bureau somewhat similar to that which we have in the Universal Postal Union." -Fredrik Bajer
"We must give more in order to get more. It is the generous giving of ourselves that produces the generous harvest." -Orison Swett Marden
"Don't call me a mindless philosopher, you overweight glob of grease." -Anthony Daniels
"Attitudes are the forerunners of conditions." -Charles Edwards
"I have been desperate to escape for so many years now, it is routine for me to try to escape." -Jack Henry Abbott
"Freedom is the most contagious virus known to man." -Hubert H. Humphrey
"Who is the architect? I am the architect." -Jeff Rich
"Cheney is a terrorist. He terrorizes our enemies abroad and innocent citizens here at home indiscriminately." -Alec Baldwin
"You have to fight for your dream, but you also have to feel fortunate for what you have." -Cesc Fabregas
"And ours is a business that requires discipline and focus." -Jim Cantalupo
"I don't think any president that I worked with has ever said 'pretty please.'" -Robert M. Gates
"Change is not an event, it's a process." -Cheryl James
"My house is not James Bondish at all. Sorry." -Ken Adam
"I do not consider my self as having mastered the flute, but I get a real kick out of trying." -James Galway
"Politics is the art of choosing between the disastrous and the unpalatable." -John Kenneth Galbraith
"If you try to do your best there is no failure." -Mike Farrell
"In general, people are comfortable sharing their music. There are two exceptions, though - Lady Gaga and Britney Spears." -Daniel Ek
"Don't believe everything you hear on the street." -Ernie Isley
"If I was a Greek citizen I'd be out there trying to bring down this monstrosity that has been put upon those people." -Nigel Farage
"God himself preserved the Bible, and brought it down through the ages." -Jerry Falwell
"Imagine choosing a job not on money or even on career advancement, but as part of a life worth living." -Dale Dauten
"Ego is a social fiction for which one person at a time gets all the blame." -Robert Anton Wilson
"Good dental care doesn't make you a good student, but if your tooth hurts, it's hard to be a good student." -Geoffrey Canada
"I grew up acutely aware of the exile and distance caused by war." -Hiam Abbass
"I want to get away from the high school thing and do other types of roles." -Shannon Elizabeth
"Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony." -Mahatma Gandhi
"I've been very fortunate and I am grateful." -Scott Baio
"They had to match blood type and meet all sorts of things I don't know about." -Shelley Fabares
"He who allows oppression shares the crime." -Desiderius Erasmus
"Each person must live their life as a model for others." -Rosa Parks
"The days of an open mic night when I'd rock up in an old jumper are over." -Katy B
"When my babe was born, they said it was premature. It weighed only four pounds; but God let it live." -Harriet Ann Jacobs
"Happiness comes from the full understanding of your own being." -Marina Abramovic
"For me, it's all about The Dubliners by James Joyce. I love The Dead." -Evan Dando
"Even the knowledge of my own fallibility cannot keep me from making mistakes. Only when I fall do I get up again." -Vincent Van Gogh
"I became stereotyped." -Dick Dale
"National defense is the sacred duty of the young and all other people." -Kim Jong Il
"I regard freedom of expression as the primary right without which one can not have a proper functioning democracy." -Lord Hailsham
"There are very few profound sayings in the world." -Jeff Rich
"I love the idea of anthropomorphizing machines. I love the idea of taking technology and giving it a personality." -J. J. Abrams
"I do remember reading the script of 'The Nightmare Fair' and looking forward to doing it." -Colin Baker
"I know you've been married to the same woman for 69 years. That is marvellous. It must be very inexpensive." -Charles Stuart Calverley
"Well, I've just gotten accustomed to just being in Canada for five and a half months a year." -Anthony Michael Hall
"I have grown up in the bright light of America." -John Edwards
"Some people seem to fade away but then when they are truly gone, it's like they didn't fade away at all." -Bob Dylan
"We are constantly working towards the highest level of compliance possible." -Mike Davidson
"I'm from Tennessee. My mom lives in Nashville. I'm born and bred country. That's all I listen to." -Lucy Hale
"Mayer Hawthorne's old school pop-R&B homages are so meticulous that it's tempting to overrate his pipes." -Chuck Eddy
"I've definitely been in ruts, and I think having some kind of perseverance is important." -Paul Dano
"I hope I die before I get old." -Roger Daltrey
"Actually, I have my own charity that I started that helps supplement families with terminal children." -Brad Garrett
"I wound up studying art and design, got a job at Lonely Planet Publications as a designer, cartographer and illustrator." -Trudi Canavan
"In the past Berlin was much more radical and extreme and now it's becoming much more of a conventional European city." -Olafur Eliasson
"He that never changes his opinion never corrects mistakes and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today." -Tryon Edwards
"The French have the reputation of being arrogant. I don't think it's arrogance but a certain authenticity." -Simon Baker
"If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life." -Oscar Wilde
"I wonder whether if I had an education I should have been more or less a fool that I am." -Alice James
"Treat all men alike. Give them the same law. Give them an even chance to live and grow." -Chief Joseph
"It is double pleasure to deceive the deceiver." -Niccolo Machiavelli
"Literature flourishes best when it is half a trade and half an art." -William Ralph Inge
"Can you imagine Simon as a kid? His imaginary friends probably never wanted to play with him." -Paula Abdul
"I am fairly classless because it is very difficult to class someone who comes from a mixed marriage." -Sade Adu
"Face the facts of being what you are, for that is what changes what you are." -Soren Kierkegaard
"Clinton has played a major role in giving companies like Cipla credibility, for which I will always be grateful." -Yusuf Hamied
"I didn't realize how many true Rockabilly fans there were here in America." -Wanda Jackson
"Postmodernism surely requires an even greater grasp of symbolism, as it's increasingly an art of gesture alone." -Andrew Eldritch
"Boy, I'd hate to shoot on tape or disc or whatever the hell they're talking about. I love film." -Frank Darabont
"A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain." -Robert Frost
"I've always been drawn to Marilyn Monroe, but certain aspects of her story may be too sad to tell." -Sherilyn Fenn
"See that's a goal that I think it's very good in the debate to find out who the person is." -Geraldine Ferraro
"Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it." -Dwight D. Eisenhower
"The moon looks upon many night flowers; the night flowers see but one moon." -Jean Ingelow
"I'd hate to paint with a broad brush, but many Democrats don't feel that we have a crisis in entitlements, and Republicans do." -Dave Camp
"Art is fun to buy." -Jessica Jackley
"I waited with a beeper for a year and 10 months to get that gift." -Shelley Fabares
"Those who play with the devil's toys will be brought by degrees to wield his sword." -R. Buckminster Fuller
"Rock isn't art, it's the way ordinary people talk." -Billy Idol
"Justice is the truth in action." -Joseph Joubert
"Beauty of expression is so akin to the voice of the sea." -George Matthew Adams
"There was a time when the music fell silent. Both within me and around me." -Agnetha Faltskog
"Don't try to change anybody. And they should let you be yourself, 'You loved me when you met me, so let's keep going!'" -Willie Nelson
"The way my luck is running, if I was a politician I would be honest." -Rodney Dangerfield
"Don't talk to me about rules, dear. Wherever I stay I make the goddam rules." -Maria Callas
"Must I tell the story of my life again?" -John Garfield
"The best way to keep your friends is not to give them away." -Wilson Mizner
"Investors should invest on what they know. The biggest mistake is to invest on what they don't know." -Mohamed El-Erian
"I wish I were supernaturally strong so I could put right everything that is wrong." -Greta Garbo
"The most important thing I learned in school was how to touch type." -Joichi Ito
"Elizabeth I was my favourite monarch though, what an inspiration, she did great things for women." -Kirsty Gallacher
"Anyone who has a continuous smile on his face conceals a toughness that is almost frightening." -Greta Garbo
"Anger is never without a reason, but seldom with a good one." -Benjamin Franklin
"A kind heart is a fountain of gladness, making everything in its vicinity freshen into smiles." -Washington Irving
"Fear is static that prevents me from hearing myself." -Samuel Butler
"When the blind lead the blind, no wonder they both fall into - matrimony." -George Farquhar
"I'm ashamed of what I did." -Andrew Fastow
"People ask for criticism, but they only want praise." -W. Somerset Maugham
"Darling, the legs aren't so beautiful, I just know what to do with them." -Marlene Dietrich
"It smote me to the heart that I had found no one in all the world who loved me more than all others." -Max Muller
"Popularity is exhausting. The life of the party almost always winds up in a corner with an overcoat over him." -Wilson Mizner
"People are strange, but more than that, they're good. They're good first, then strange." -Dave Eggers
"Bobby Womack is always very real, both with his music and as a person." -Etta James
"John Updike is always fun. And one of my former students, Tom Pynchon. And Harold Bloom, another former student." -M. H. Abrams
"But I have always said that it's important we must make sure that justice is at all time be maintained." -Abdullah Ahmad Badawi
"Obviously classical music tends to be stuff that is usually at least a hundred years old." -Steve Hackett
"Looking back, I have this to regret, that too often when I loved, I did not say so." -Ray Stannard Baker
"It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else." -Erma Bombeck
"No matter what losses happen in a given season, the Red Sox always have next year." -Julianna Baggott
"Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned." -Buddha
"One of the best things that happened for me as a playwright is becoming a comic-book writer." -Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa
"I love walks, hiking, exploring and being on the beach." -Ireland Baldwin
"We live at a time when man believes himself fabulously capable of creation, but he does not know what to create." -Jose Ortega y Gasset
"With iTunes and Spotify and Pandora and this and that, you don't need to buy CDs any more." -Sergio Garcia
"My mum is totally crazy for fashion still." -Stefano Gabbana
"In 'Delhi Belly,' I was bald; in other movies I always carried a different look." -Vir Das
"Usually, you can shoot a movie in 10 or 12 weeks." -Peter Farrelly
"If music be the food of love, play on." -William Shakespeare
"I love to go to the studio and stay there 10 or 12 hours a day. I love it. What is it? I don't know. It's life." -Johnny Cash
"Save a boyfriend for a rainy day - and another, in case it doesn't rain." -Mae West
"If America is a ship, it looks a lot like it's sinking - financially, morally, spiritually. It's frightening." -Kirk Cameron
"The more conflict and contrast you have with a character makes it more interesting." -Chris Hemsworth
"When audiences come to see us authors lecture, it is largely in the hope that we'll be funnier to look at than to read." -Sinclair Lewis
"Give me good writing, and I'll play it all day." -Jeff Daniels
"Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect." -Mark Twain
"Let me just say: Peace to you, if you're willing to fight for it." -Fred Hampton
"Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, Or what's a heaven for?" -Robert Browning
"So I'm a pretty conservative fellow, but not conservative enough for the Tea Party." -Bob Inglis
"Religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by the rulers as useful." -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"True friendship can afford true knowledge. It does not depend on darkness and ignorance." -Henry David Thoreau
"I love a nice cooking show. It's as aesthetically pleasing as any other thing that tempts the senses, I suppose." -Janeane Garofalo
"Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other." -Abraham Lincoln
"I think control is a two-way street; sometimes people want to control things to keep them safe if they are afraid of life." -Paul Dano
"A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing." -George Bernard Shaw
"Ignorance is not innocence but sin." -Robert Browning
"Acting has always been a way for me to express myself, and show all my vulnerabilities and flaws through my characters." -Alexia Fast
"I love the way Pharell is laying down great drum tracks. He is a great drummer." -Matt Cameron
"Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results." -Albert Einstein
"Whenever I hear that I'm on the brink of stardom, I feel like I want to run into a cave." -Kate Bosworth
"A cultural shift is needed to incorporate exercise into our children's daily lives." -Darell Hammond
"You can only protect your liberties in this world by protecting the other man's freedom." -Clarence Darrow
"Museums are not normally presenting the works on the walls as provocations to work. It's more like going to a Jacuzzi." -Hans Haacke
"Forty is the old age of youth; fifty the youth of old age." -Victor Hugo
"Peace comes through dealing with people. Peace doesn't come at the end of a bayonet or the end of a gun." -Chuck Hagel
"Everything's got a moral, if only you can find it." -Lewis Carroll
"I know I lost my temper, but I tried to be human along the way." -Bernard Ebbers
"The first person to make me realize there was someone behind the film was Steven Spielberg." -Philippe Falardeau
"I have nothing but respect for HBO." -James Gandolfini
"The secret of your success is determined by your daily agenda." -John C. Maxwell
"The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul." -Johann Sebastian Bach
"All growth is a leap in the dark, a spontaneous unpremeditated act without benefit of experience." -Henry Miller
"It's not the having, it's the getting." -Elizabeth Taylor
"The happiness of society is the end of government." -John Adams
"The artist vocation is to send light into the human heart." -George Sand
"He who prays five times a day is in the protection of God, and he who is protected by God cannot be harmed by anyone." -Abu Bakr
"This administration here and now declares unconditional war on poverty." -Lyndon B. Johnson
"Art is a lie that makes us realize truth." -Pablo Picasso
"Poetry is the mother-tongue of the human race." -Johann Georg Hamann
"I'm really trying to focus myself on playing tennis, and I think that's really important." -Stefan Edberg
"I don't want to sound too critical, but we're taking a wait-and-see approach on UltraViolet." -Bob Iger
"I like the immediacy of blogs and the democratizing effects of letting millions of voices bloom on the Web." -Jill Abramson
"So to get to play for the Yankees was really exciting. Really exciting." -Bert Campaneris
"New York is the only city that I have ever lived in that I have felt at home." -Edi Gathegi
"Without effective protection of the citizens' right to property, it will be difficult to attract and accumulate valuable capital." -Mencius
"Heard melodies are sweet, but those unheard are sweeter." -John Keats
"Superstitions are habits rather than beliefs." -Marlene Dietrich
"I've played an awful lot of repressed people." -Rebecca Hall
"Stay focused on the mission." -Naveen Jain
"To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe." -Anatole France
"Only when the tide goes out do you discover who's been swimming naked." -Warren Buffett
"In the final analysis, it is your decision to make, but it doesn't move as fast as I'd like it to move." -Alphonso Jackson
"I'm not anti-fashion, but I've always had a bit of a punk attitude. That's important, I think. I do my own thing." -Sade Adu
"I'm lucky. Lord, I'm lucky." -Carroll O'Connor
"The right of a nation to kill a tyrant in case of necessity can no more be doubted than to hang a robber, or kill a flea." -John Adams
"Shakespeare wrote all there is that we need to know about dementia in 'King Lear.'" -Simon Callow
"War doesn't need more participants. It needs fewer participants." -Michael Badnarik
"The feat of surviving is directly related to the capacity of the survivor." -Claire Cameron
"Life is a school of probability." -Walter Bagehot
"Buy the ticket, take the ride." -Hunter S. Thompson
"Why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet?" -Lily Tomlin
"My money goes to my agent, then to my accountant and from him to the tax man." -Glenda Jackson
"I'm a bad liar; I don't know what to say backstage." -Uta Hagen
"I think all the bad blood started when Geffen released a greatest hits package of my solo stuff." -Sammy Hagar
"I've had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasn't it." -Groucho Marx
"There is a reason for everything." -Bailee Madison
"I've always gotten along best with artists." -Jerry Hall
"Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Asking a working writer what he thinks about critics is like asking a lamp-post what it feels about dogs." -Christopher Hampton
"Going online and asking questions is the best way to learn." -Tom Felton
"The greatest honor history can bestow is that of peacemaker." -Richard M. Nixon
"A woman isn't complete without a man. But where do you find a man - a real man - these days?" -Lauren Bacall
"I found there was only one way to look thin: hang out with fat people." -Rodney Dangerfield
"I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted." -Og Mandino
"I'm very lucky. I'm very fortunate that my books have never gone out of print - none of them." -Paula Danziger
"I think it would be absolutely reckless and irresponsible for anyone to try and break up Microsoft." -Steve Ballmer
"If I like it, it's gonna be on my album. You can't please everyone." -Natasha Hamilton
"Marriage is neither heaven nor hell, it is simply purgatory." -Abraham Lincoln
"And there never was an apple, in Adam's opinion, that wasn't worth the trouble you got into for eating it." -Neil Gaiman
"They say 'expect the worst.' I say 'Expect the best and even better will happen.'" -Rima Fakih
"We want the Israelis to leave. They want to leave - so let us let them leave." -Mahmoud Abbas
"Most hard-boiled people are half-baked." -Wilson Mizner
"You have a nice personality, but not for a human being." -Henny Youngman
"I just want to be treated like an average guy." -John Fahey
"Actors are very generous." -Blythe Danner
"From such crooked wood as that which man is made of, nothing straight can be fashioned." -Immanuel Kant
"If you surrender completely to the moments as they pass, you live more richly those moments." -Anne Morrow Lindbergh
"The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment." -Elbert Hubbard
"All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother." -Abraham Lincoln
"I think that the very fact that CBS fought and fought and fought in Texas, in New York." -Floyd Abrams
"Thought makes reality." -Vanna Bonta
"Writing is work and cooking is relaxing." -Diane Mott Davidson
"It is far more difficult to murder a phantom than a reality." -Virginia Woolf
"Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness." -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"The noblest search is the search for excellence." -Lyndon B. Johnson
"I like fighting because it's honest." -Gina Carano
"Beware of the person who can't be bothered by details." -William Feather
"Work is not man's punishment. It is his reward and his strength and his pleasure." -George Sand
"Make bold choices and make mistakes. It's all those things that add up to the person you become." -Angelina Jolie
"If you think about a Thanksgiving dinner, it's really like making a large chicken." -Ina Garten
"It's important always to have a sense of wonder." -Julia Cameron
"And all people live, Not by reason of any care they have for themselves, But by the love for them that is in other people." -Leo Tolstoy
"I learned the power of 'no.' No is really important. Entrepreneurs are told to say 'yes, yes, more, more.'" -Tony Fadell
"I am not afraid of death, but would not want to die in some obscure or pointless way." -Isabelle Eberhardt
"I was never in a mental institution for a long time. I was in psych wards." -Darrell Hammond
"Chloe Sevigny always dresses appropriately but doesn't blend in with the crowd." -Mark Indelicato
"Watch out for the joy-stealers: gossip, criticism, complaining, faultfinding, and a negative, judgmental attitude." -Joyce Meyer
"The smaller the mind the greater the conceit." -Aesop
"I've always maintained - a captain is only as good as his team. It is not about my leadership, it is not about me." -Gautam Gambhir
"You see, God helps only people who work hard. That principle is very clear." -A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
"Great advice comes from people that have been around a lot longer than you." -Zac Efron
"Do all things with love." -Og Mandino
"Life is much shorter than I imagined it to be." -Abraham Cahan
"I remember seeing 'Spinal Tap' at a young age and being like, 'That's how you perform comedy.'" -Bill Hader
"Nature never did betray the heart that loved her." -William Wordsworth
"My sun sets to raise again." -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
"I don't know what 'Mad Men' has done for my fan base. I didn't know that I still had a fan base, to be honest." -Jay R. Ferguson
"I don't know much about him; never heard him say more than nope or yup." -Dashiell Hammett
"I really like to experiment. That's the only way I can work. It's instinctive." -F. Murray Abraham
"The cuckoo who is on to himself is halfway out of the clock." -Wilson Mizner
"I was crazy about Elle Macpherson. She modeled, acted and did everything. She was a huge example for me." -Constance Jablonski
"A man of action forced into a state of thought is unhappy until he can get out of it." -John Galsworthy
"And what most people don't understand is the bulk of business in this country is small business." -Alphonso Jackson
"I don't pretend I know everything." -Jill Abramson
"Publishing the lyric books, poetry or comics of other musicians I know. That's the thing I really want to break into!" -Frank Iero
"I hoped, hoped, that maybe I'd be lucky enough to do something on Broadway, in the chorus." -Jennifer Garner
"Friendship is like money, easier made than kept." -Samuel Butler
"A lot of actors flame out." -George Hamilton
"I'm tired and nervous and I'm in America. Here you don't know that you live." -Greta Garbo
"I was a late starter on the romantic front. I didn't start dating until I was in my 30s." -Geri Halliwell
"Let others either envy or pity me; I care not, so long as I enjoy myself." -Joseph Hall
"I don't think my work does reflect my nationality - I don't like the idea of nationalism." -David Bailey
"I love being on tour and having my own tour bus." -Pauly D
"Do you know what we are those of us who count as pillars of society? We are society's tools, neither more nor less." -Henrik Ibsen
"The mind is everything. What you think you become." -Buddha
"Literature is an avenue to glory, ever open for those ingenious men who are deprived of honours or of wealth." -Isaac D'Israeli
"He that does good for good's sake seeks neither paradise nor reward, but he is sure of both in the end." -William Penn
"I just want to get a Ph.D. in love." -Barbara de Angelis
"My family are too grounded, and I will go home to visit. I always need my dose of Liverpool to keep me grounded." -Rebecca Ferguson
"I'm my own doctor. I have a group of people who call me up on a weekly basis. I'm a 'doctor' without a license." -George Hamilton
"When you have a watch on, it just sets everything off. It's the icing on the cake when it comes to your entire look." -B.o.B
"I was well traveled, and I created this illusion of literacy through reading and writing. I wrote a book of short stories." -Tom T. Hall
"I suppose Roger had the license to do anything that fitted the venue." -Neil Innes
"Every record that you do man, is sooo different in every way." -Jerry Cantrell
"Obedience to lawful authority is the foundation of manly character." -Robert E. Lee
"A straight path never leads anywhere except to the objective." -Andre Gide
"I think what makes people fascinating is conflict, it's drama, it's the human condition. Nobody wants to watch perfection." -Nicolas Cage
"I don't want to achieve immortality through my work. I want to achieve it through not dying." -Woody Allen
"I believe we should encourage children to sing and play instruments from an early age." -Mick Jagger
"Man is asked to make of himself what he is supposed to become to fulfill his destiny." -Paul Tillich
"There is only you and your camera. The limitations in your photography are in yourself, for what we see is what we are." -Ernst Haas
"Television has dried up for my generation, so it's plays and films." -Michael Gambon
"When you have an efficient government, you have a dictatorship." -Harry S Truman
"Faith in oneself is the best and safest course." -Michelangelo
"You must take action now that will move you towards your goals. Develop a sense of urgency in your life." -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"I didn't decide to be a photographer; I just happened to fall into it." -Berenice Abbott
"No matter how cynical you become, it's never enough to keep up." -Lily Tomlin
"I'm every bourgeois nightmare - a Cockney with intelligence and a million dollars." -Michael Caine
"President Obama is riding the wrong horse on energy." -Harold Hamm
"I mean, there's a hell of a lot of grounds for protest, but you don't do it through music." -Chico Hamilton
"You must submit to supreme suffering in order to discover the completion of joy." -John Calvin
"Howard Stern was the only one that was able to get through to me." -Jessica Hahn
"Our incomes are like our shoes; if too small, they gall and pinch us; but if too large, they cause us to stumble and to trip." -John Locke
"Wisdom is always an overmatch for strength." -Phil Jackson
"The clever cat eats cheese and breathes down rat holes with baited breath." -W. C. Fields
"I see my role in the Bonzos as being the straight man, in many ways." -Neil Innes
"I always like whatever I did most recently. It's the closest to who I am at the moment." -Ayumi Hamasaki
"When I lose my temper it's because I decide to. If I do something it's because I want to do it." -Mario Balotelli
"Divorce was very sad, obviously, but now I've gotten over it." -Natalie Imbruglia
"Which reminds me of a fortune cookie: you often find your destiny on the path you take to avoid it." -Hector Elizondo
"Anytime you try to be a loving person, you're doing your part to save the world." -Marianne Williamson
"The Ferrari is a beautiful car. It's great." -Vanessa Ferrari
"The revolution is carried out by means of one's thought, not through one's family background." -Kim Jong Il
"Contentment consist not in adding more fuel, but in taking away some fire." -Thomas Fuller
"I still have my feet on the ground, I just wear better shoes." -Oprah Winfrey
"If I write for myself, I write a song and I bring in the musicians that are best suited to play it. There's a freedom there." -Paul Stanley
"All I want to do is work." -Ansel Elgort
"My book has a very simple surface, but there are layers of irony and paradox all the way through it." -Mark Haddon
"The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any." -Alice Walker
"They say a lot of women would like to see me naked, but there's not a lens long enough for that." -Andy Garcia
"One of the greatest pains to human nature is the pain of a new idea." -Walter Bagehot
"Education, therefore, is a process of living and not a preparation for future living." -John Dewey
"I enjoy doing everything, comedy and drama. I just look for the characters really and what they offer." -Chiwetel Ejiofor
"Sometimes the weekend gets hijacked by work, but as my mother would say, this is the right problem." -Julian Fellowes
"Tackling childhood obesity is key." -Diane Abbott
"People who lean on logic and philosophy and rational exposition end by starving the best part of the mind." -William Butler Yeats
"He spent hours and hours and hours practising these conjuring tricks. It's just such a curious thing." -Simon Callow
"At the end of the day, we must go forward with hope and not backward by fear and division." -Jesse Jackson
"It is with rivers as it is with people: the greatest are not always the most agreeable nor the best to live with." -Henry Van Dyke
"To travel is to discover that everyone is wrong about other countries." -Aldous Huxley
"I torture my mother with all my problems, that poor woman." -Vanessa Ferlito
"Let others hail the rising sun: I bow to that whose course is run." -David Garrick
"The aim of education is the knowledge not of facts but of values." -William Ralph Inge
"I want to live fast and die young." -Chris Farley
"I hang out with my guru in my heart. And I love every thing in the universe. That's all I do all day." -Ram Dass
"Good is the enemy of great." -Jonathan Ive
"Hair wax is my go-to. When it comes to shampoo, I use whatever is at the rink." -Carl Hagelin
"My whole thing is not just to play music for people, but to make them part of the evening." -Marvin Hamlisch
"There are not many Irish people playing tennis!" -Goran Ivanisevic
"I would rather be tough on myself than have other people be tough on me." -Nicole Kidman
"Boss, life is trouble. Only death is not. To be alive is to undo your belt and look for trouble." -Michael Cacoyannis
"Naturally, when one makes progressive steps, there may be some who see it as a betrayal of their goals and interests." -Louis Farrakhan
"I told my mother-in-law that my house was her house, and she said, 'Get the hell off my property.'" -Joan Rivers
"God continues to lift the curtain and allow the enemies of America to give us probably what we deserve." -Jerry Falwell
"I believe in just enriching the economy. And we're leaving so much on the table, 72 percent of the planet." -Robert Ballard
"The saddest thing I can imagine is to get used to luxury." -Charlie Chaplin
"When I die, I hope they don't cremate me 'cuz I'll burn forever." -Harry Caray
"The search for the truth is not for the faint hearted." -Vincent D'Onofrio
"Death may be the King of terrors... but Jesus is the King of kings!" -Dwight L. Moody
"The Senkaku islands are inherently Japanese territory. I want to show my strong determination to prevent this from changing." -Shinzo Abe
"Feed the lettuce to the bunny and eat the bunny." -Dashiell Hammett
"Cleveland's a great place when you're a kid. You hardly ever get sunburned, without the sun shining." -Darrell Issa
"Hope is a pleasant acquaintance, but an unsafe friend." -Thomas Chandler Haliburton
"'Great Expectations' is one of the greatest stories." -Jeremy Irvine
"Visual storytelling of one kind or another has been around since cavemen were drawing on the walls." -Frank Darabont
"Everybody has to look after their own economy and follow the rules." -Tarja Halonen
"A better world shall emerge based on faith and understanding." -Douglas MacArthur
"Apple's goal isn't to make money. Our goal is to design and develop and bring to market good products." -Jonathan Ive
"You could not step twice into the same rivers; for other waters are ever flowing on to you." -Heraclitus
"One of my proudest moments is I didn't sell my soul for the sake of popularity." -George W. Bush
"I love '70s organic architecture. I am very influenced by the time when I grew up." -Alexandre de Betak
"We are particularly poor at the open economy issues." -Martin Feldstein
"I didn't so much choose the film as director Claire Denis chose me." -Beatrice Dalle
"In the U.S., with very few exceptions, actresses older than 35 are simply discarded." -Amy Irving
"I loved being in Close Encounters, just to watch Steven Spielberg working was exciting." -Bob Balaban
"I also want to announce that I'm changing my name. I haven't told anyone. You get the scoop." -Luther Campbell
"What a country needs to do is be fair to all its citizens - whether people are of a different ethnicity or gender." -Chinua Achebe
"I have lived in the United States for half of my life, my entire adult life." -Sheena Easton
"Questioning growth is deemed to be the act of lunatics, idealists and revolutionaries. But question it we must." -Tim Jackson
"If you get simple beauty and naught else, you get about the best thing God invents." -Robert Browning
"If you turn down work because you are frightened of getting typecast, you'll never do anything good." -Colin Baker
"Things are difficult enough about Iraq without the Federal Government suppressing the truth about Iraq." -Jay Inslee
"People won't have time for you if you are always angry or complaining." -Stephen Hawking
"Serbia is blamed in advance for everything." -Ivica Dacic
"I love all sports." -Dante Hall
"You don't go to war with the President you want, you go to war with the President you have." -Jeff Rich
"Fashion is an expression of a time, of a place, of history. It's putting things into context." -Nina Garcia
"What we wish, we readily believe, and what we ourselves think, we imagine others think also." -Julius Caesar
"To dare is to lose one's footing momentarily. Not to dare is to lose oneself." -Soren Kierkegaard
"However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at." -Stephen Hawking
"I will ge glad to have done with this life forever." -Taylor Caldwell
"While I was in college becoming a good Catholic I was also becoming a writer - one haunted by Catholicism." -Julianna Baggott
"My mother and father were interested in the arts." -Ken Adam
"I worked hard learning harmony and theory when I was growing up in Chicago in the 1920s." -Lionel Hampton
"I think it would be amazing to be a character actor and still be a lead now and then in movies." -Britt Robertson
"Listening to soft music and the sound of the ocean is quite relaxing to me." -LaToya Jackson
"I never speak ill of dead people or live judges." -Edwin Edwards
"If you really want to get along with somebody, let them be themselves." -Willie Nelson
"I always knew I was going to be rich. I don't think I ever doubted it for a minute." -Warren Buffett
"I love going to galleries, particularly the National Portrait Gallery." -Mark Gatiss
"I really like it that they promote from within." -Carson Daly
"I am consumed with the fear of failing. Reaching deep down and finding confidence has made all my dreams come true." -Arsenio Hall
"Roots is not just a saga of my family. It is the symbolic saga of a people." -Alex Haley
"His mouth is for export and his head has no entrance." -Douglas Feaver
"Wine is bottled poetry." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"Well, I believe in God. I taught Sunday school." -Kay Hagan
"We are obsessed with image. I don't think we should take it that seriously." -Geri Halliwell
"You know, I had the ability like a catalyst to really get everybody hyped up." -Jim Capaldi
"I love every kind of music." -Kimberly Caldwell
"Let go of yesterday. Let today be a new beginning and be the best that you can, and you'll get to where God wants you to be." -Joel Osteen
"You do T.V. and movies to make the money, and then you do theatre for the love of it." -Josh Hamilton
"I'm a huge Stephen King fan." -Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa
"I just feel like if I do good work, then people should respect me for the work I do." -Scott Caan
"Now there is a cultural change under way in the Foreign Service." -Lawrence Eagleburger
"I'm the biggest Chekov fan - there's something that he does that not many other writers do." -Jeremy Irvine
"I knew the profanity used up and down my street would not go over the air... So I trained myself to say 'Holy Cow' instead." -Harry Caray
"You must pay the price if you wish to secure the blessing." -Andrew Jackson
"Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age." -Anais Nin
"I think when your parents are as rebellious as mine were, it's difficult to top them. So what's the point?" -Georgia Jagger
"I want to tour, everywhere I can, all of the world." -Kat Edmonson
"I have to do this my way." -W. Mark Felt
"I used practically all the money I had available." -Bernard Ebbers
"The only mountain that I would still like to climb: I'd like to break 85." -Peter Falk
"Here we are, trapped in the amber of the moment. There is no why." -Kurt Vonnegut
"Religion is not a conclusion of the reason." -Lyman Abbott
"A patriot must always be ready to defend his country against his government." -Edward Abbey
"I'm an absolute fan of 1970s New York in films like 'Mean Streets' and 'Dog Day Afternoon.'" -Guillaume Canet
"We know what a person thinks not when he tells us what he thinks, but by his actions." -Isaac Bashevis Singer
"If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads." -Anatole France
"Growing old is like being increasingly penalized for a crime you haven't committed." -Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
"Never let the fear of striking out get in your way." -Babe Ruth
"To me the interesting main character is never the one without flaws." -J. J. Abrams
"Victory is the only option. And we will be victorious in Iraq." -Andrew Card
"Hell is other people." -Jean-Paul Sartre
"I am single and happy." -Elizabeth Daily
"One of the first movies I ever saw was 'Batman,' based on the TV series with Adam West and Burt Ward." -Peter Jackson
"Everybody hates you when you're the best, and everybody hates you when you're the worst." -Pamela Adlon
"Arise! Awake! and stop not until the goal is reached." -Swami Vivekananda
"I really want to fall in love." -Enrique Iglesias
"I always go back to theatre. It's probably where I'll draw my last breath." -Peter Gallagher
"I have my own religion. I'm sort of one-quarter Baptist, one-quarter Catholic, one-quarter Jewish." -Tom T. Hall
"Nature is a book, a letter, a fairy tale (in the philosophical sense) or whatever you want to call it." -Johann Georg Hamann
"You know you're old if they have discontinued your blood type." -Phyllis Diller
"He told us he was going to take crime out of the streets. He did. He took it into the damn White House." -Ralph Abernathy
"I was terrified of getting the chemo. It's not pleasant. And the radiation is not pleasant." -Farrah Fawcett
"The trouble with our Liberal friends is not that they're ignorant; it's just that they know so much that isn't so." -Ronald Reagan
"I am a Christian. My husband and I belong to the Episcopal Church." -Sandy Adams
"I love cereal. I eat several bowls a day, mostly a few late at night." -Paul Dano
"If there were genders to genres, fiction would be unquestionably feminine." -William H. Gass
"To live outside the law, you must be honest." -Bob Dylan
"I went to my last three years of high school in New Jersey. I just wanted to act, you know?" -Stacey Dash
"Many a trip continues long after movement in time and space have ceased." -John Steinbeck
"I don't think I've had a more miserable life than a lot of people. I think I've had a pretty lucky life." -Chris Isaak
"My mind's my kingdom." -Francis Quarles
"Real integrity is doing the right thing, knowing that nobody's going to know whether you did it or not." -Oprah Winfrey
"It's always good to take something that's happened in your life and make something of it comedically." -Larry David
"The World is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page." -Saint Augustine
"A wild and crazy weekend involves sitting on the front porch, smoking a cigar, reading a book." -Robert M. Gates
"Deliberation and debate is the way you stir the soul of our democracy." -Jesse Jackson
"Japan is a great nation. It should begin to act like one." -John C. Danforth
"When I go home, I play with my baby dolls and strollers and diaper bags, and play with my sisters." -Dakota Fanning
"What has changed is that nothing has changed... that's what has made me more unhappy than everything else." -Willie Nelson
"Most other competitions are individual achievements, but the Olympic Games is something that belongs to everybody." -Scott Hamilton
"Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet." -Robert H. Schuller
"At my age flowers scare me." -George Burns
"I like the idea of being a sculptor. Just me alone, making something - that solitary existence." -Ewan McGregor
"Vice president - it has such a nice ring to it!" -Geraldine Ferraro
"The only thing that I was equipped for with my very mediocre college Arts degree was to get a job in teaching." -Helen Garner
"I try to be straightforward and honest with my kids, and I believe nothing beats good old hard work." -Simon Baker
"I think if I wasn't a singer I'd probably do make-up and beauty and hair and something creative like styling; I really enjoy it." -Jessie J
"I very much want to do things my way, and I want to control the result." -Hiam Abbass
"The greater the step forward in knowledge, the greater is the one taken backward in search of wisdom." -Stephen Gardiner
"They didn't want it good, they wanted it Wednesday." -Robert A. Heinlein
"I'd like to think that my films are personal enough to exist without hearkening back to their respective novels." -Frank Darabont
"Apply yourself. Get all the education you can, but then, by God, do something. Don't just stand there, make it happen." -Lee Iacocca
"My public image is absolutely not a fair reflection of who I am." -Mario Balotelli
"Economics is extremely useful as a form of employment for economists." -John Kenneth Galbraith
"Even the pandemic flu of 1918 only killed one to two percent of the people who were infected." -Anthony Fauci
"A script is not a piece of literature it's a process." -Abel Ferrara
"Editing is kind of a solitary job." -Joe Dante
"A free press can, of course, be good or bad, but, most certainly without freedom, the press will never be anything but bad." -Albert Camus
"Tolerance is giving to every other human being every right that you claim for yourself." -Robert Green Ingersoll
"Godspell was a good leap for me, it was a good shop window." -Jeremy Irons
"I wonder if I could make an electric bass." -Leo Fender
"There are lots of other issues in policy including the stem cell issue." -David Baltimore
"Not much over 1,000 a month for the private soldier on operations is hardly an impressive figure." -Mike Jackson
"Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people." -Carl Jung
"I paint objects as I think them, not as I see them." -Pablo Picasso
"Bored with obvious reality, I find my fascination in transforming it into a subjective point of view." -Ernst Haas
"The conventional army loses if it does not win. The guerrilla wins if he does not lose." -Henry A. Kissinger
"Shakespeare reveals human nature brilliantly: he shines a light on our instinctive desire to dominate each other." -Edward Hall
"I'm from Chicago and it's a huge influence on me." -Jeff Garlin
"My work is my way of expressing myself without being arrested." -Rhys Ifans
"Ever read a book that changed your life? Me neither." -Jim Gaffigan
"I couldn't think of anything else I'd rather be doing." -Jamelia
"The strength of the Democratic Party of Cook County is not something that just happened." -Richard J. Daley
"My style of comedy is very real and bittersweet, and sort of always on the verge of kind of being tragic." -Paul Feig
"I hope all you young girls see yourself up there... we were just like you." -Mia Hamm
"Happiness is not a reward - it is a consequence. Suffering is not a punishment - it is a result." -Robert Green Ingersoll
"I don't care if you're doing haute cuisine or burgers and pizza, just do it right." -Grant Achatz
"I believe that social security should be a universal retirement guarantee and not means tested." -Steve Israel
"Anyone that makes me a quarter of a billion dollars, I like." -Carl Icahn
"I shall allow no man to belittle my soul by making me hate him." -Booker T. Washington
"If a trip is worth taking, members of Congress should be prepared to justify paying for it out of their office accounts." -Russ Feingold
"From a social perspective, I am looking for friends, not acolytes." -John Fahey
"I think that politics needs a bit of spicing up." -Nigel Farage
"Hollywood is so governed by the ego, and I never wanted to fall into that trap." -Kimberly Elise
"I meet people from different walks of life that I can have relationships with." -Charles Haley
"But at heart, I am more than a cinematographer." -Conrad Hall
"Diplomacy: the art of restraining power." -Henry A. Kissinger
"My assignment was in the communications office, where I typed out dispatches." -Jack Adams
"I think too much. Being in my body is much more satisfying than being in my head." -Andrew Garfield
"Once, during Prohibition, I was forced to live for days on nothing but food and water." -W. C. Fields
"I'm no angel." -Britt Ekland
"No, you can't call your vote in. You have to be there on the floor to vote." -Gary Ackerman
"Valentine's Day is my favorite holiday." -Lindsay Ellingson
"I also couldn't pass up the opportunity to be in the same movie as Jack Nicholson and Glenn Close." -Lukas Haas
"I tend to come up with people more than situations - most of my books start with a character." -Jane Haddam
"I try to bring the audience's own drama - tears and laughter they know about - to them." -Judy Garland
"I make it a rule always to believe compliments implicitly for five minutes, and to simmer gently for twenty more." -Alice James
"I was smart enough to go through any door that opened." -Joan Rivers
"Not everybody trusts paintings but people believe photographs." -Ansel Adams
"You've either got it or you haven't." -Liam Gallagher
"My strength was that I am more balanced and calmer than most other riders." -Miguel Indurain
"It's an honor for me to have the opportunity to work with Emilio Estefan." -Jencarlos Canela
"I think you have a passion and an obsession for something when it's not necessarily ubiquitous." -J. J. Abrams
"What I want from my Lovers is real unadulterated love, and from my genuine workers I expect real work done." -Meher Baba
"The only change is that baseball has turned Paige from a second class citizen to a second class immortal." -Satchel Paige
"Generally, I'm a pretty positive, but like any other working person, if the jobs aren't coming in, I do get depressed." -Britt Ekland
"I didn't get old on purpose, it just happened. If you're lucky, it could happen to you." -Andy Rooney
"Tory plans to cut 'further and faster' would wreck recovery and roll back Labour's many successes." -Alistair Darling
"Love begins at home, and it is not how much we do... but how much love we put in that action." -Mother Teresa
"Now, I don't make decisions as fast as I used to." -Oksana Baiul
"We often have to put up with most from those on whom we most depend." -Baltasar Gracian
"I have friends who remember seeing fish hauled onto a boat's deck and beaten to death." -Casey Affleck
"A free life cannot acquire many possessions, because this is not easy to do without servility to mobs or monarchs." -Epicurus
"Trifles make perfection, and perfection is no trifle." -Michelangelo
"Family is not an important thing. It's everything." -Michael J. Fox
"Reverence the deacons as you would the command of God." -Ignatius of Antioch
"Forget 'full of myself,' I'm not remotely impressed with myself." -Jeff Garlin
"When men make themselves into brutes it is just to treat them like brutes." -Amelia Barr
"I used to love to play dress-up, where you get your mother's or your grandmother's dresses and high heels." -Suzanne Farrell
"It taught me something. It taught you your craft." -Billy Eckstine
"Have a strong mind and a soft heart." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
"Selfishness must always be forgiven you know, because there is no hope of a cure." -Jane Austen
"Our society cannot progress while our constitution stands still." -Charles Edison
"Some girls say they don't feel comfortable in flats, they only feel comfortable in heels; I am not one of those girls." -Gillian Jacobs
"How do you rebel in a family of rebels?" -Nicolas Cage
"A chain is no stronger than its weakest link, and life is after all a chain." -William James
"One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness." -Josh Billings
"My father used to say, 'Let them see you and not the suit. That should be secondary.'" -Cary Grant
"The song 'Can't Look Back Now' by the Weepies reminds me of the entire 'Life Unexpected' experience." -Britt Robertson
"I would rather excel in the knowledge of what is excellent, than in the extent of my power and possessions." -Plutarch
"Our time is so specialised that we have people who know more and more or less and less." -Alvar Aalto
"I don't know technology and engineering. I don't know accounting." -Bernard Ebbers
"History repeats itself, first as tragedy, second as farce." -Karl Marx
"It is godlike ever to think on something beautiful and on something new." -Democritus
"A good example is far better than a good precept." -Dwight L. Moody
"Dare to visualize a world in which your most treasured dreams have become true." -Ralph Marston
"The most certain test by which we judge whether a country is really free is the amount of security enjoyed by minorities." -John Acton
"In neighborhoods without a usable park or playground, the incidence of childhood obesity increases by 29 percent." -Darell Hammond
"Her Majesty said she hoped I would have time for my horses - I own two and have shares in four." -Alex Ferguson
"We have our factory, which is called a stage. We make a product, we color it, we title it and we ship it out in cans." -Cary Grant
"The one thing you shouldn't do is try to tell a cab driver how to get somewhere." -Jimmy Fallon
"This is America, where everything is still possible." -John Edwards
"A brave man is a man who dares to look the Devil in the face and tell him he is a Devil." -James A. Garfield
"When I speak it is in order to be heard." -Roman Jakobson
"Therefore, if God existed, only in one way could he serve human liberty - by ceasing to exist." -Mikhail Bakunin
"Everything in life has a price on it - there ain't a damn thing free in America, and football has got a price on it." -Earl Campbell
"Having a child at 55... that's optimism." -Steve Earle
"I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts." -John Locke
"I don't know what it is about me, but I don't think of myself as sexy; I never have." -Tamsin Egerton
"Meetings are indispensable when you don't want to do anything." -John Kenneth Galbraith
"More helpful than all wisdom is one draught of simple human pity that will not forsake us." -George Eliot
"If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change." -Wayne Dyer
"The heart forgets its sorrow and ache." -James Russell Lowell
"It is a thousand times better to have common sense without education than to have education without common sense." -Robert Green Ingersoll
"Temper your enjoyments with prudence, lest there be written on your heart that fearful word 'satiety.'" -Francis Quarles
"Music is there to enrich your life and make you aware of things in a slightly different way." -Andrew Eldritch
"The inner reality of love can be recognized only by love." -Hans Urs von Balthasar
"The president of General Motors was in a foul humor." -Arthur Hailey
"Shopkeepers are not bankers." -Laurent Fabius
"I always find beauty in things that are odd and imperfect - they are much more interesting." -Marc Jacobs
"Surround yourself with only people who are going to lift you higher." -Oprah Winfrey
"If you break 100, watch your golf. If you break 80, watch your business." -Joey Adams
"To me, beauty and makeup and color is like the finishing touch on everything." -Marc Jacobs
"If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score?" -Vince Lombardi
"Don't ever rope me in as a late-night talk show host. I don't want to be one." -Craig Ferguson
"I've had so many things, good and bad, said about me. I'm way beyond worrying about what people say." -Clare Balding
"When you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat." -Ronald Reagan
"I pay all my own bills... I want to choose the man. I do not permit men to choose me." -Zsa Zsa Gabor
"I work late at night. I'm awake and nobody bothers me. It's quiet and things come and talk to me in the silence." -Diana Gabaldon
"I go out with my friends as often as I can on the weekends, and I'm always drawn to girls with rhythm." -David Gallagher
"My current companion, Gerard de Battista, is the father of my two sons." -Victoria Abril
"The greatness of art is not to find what is common but what is unique." -Isaac Bashevis Singer
"To err is human. To blame someone else is politics." -Hubert H. Humphrey
"I'm a one-man idiot." -Eddie Izzard
"A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes." -Charles Spurgeon
"Yes, Mother. I can see you are flawed. You have not hidden it. That is your greatest gift to me." -Alice Walker
"I think God gave us senses of humor, and we should use them." -Vera Farmiga
"I was probably 11 by the time I saw a movie." -Peter Gallagher
"My memories are of denim. I remember being 12 in my Levi's. Wow!" -Stefano Gabbana
"I do have a couple of pets, but I am determined to keep them out of the media spotlight." -Jason Gann
"My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four. Unless there are three other people." -Orson Welles
"Last night I stayed up late playing poker with Tarot cards. I got a full house and four people died." -Steven Wright
"Being Ecuadorian is, I don't want to say it's tough but it's... something special to me." -Jose Garces
"Life is the flower for which love is the honey." -Victor Hugo
"I do think it is possible to be in love with two people at the same time." -Morena Baccarin
"That's what we're striving for, making us a contender in every race." -Dale Earnhardt
"Reason has always existed, but not always in a reasonable form." -Karl Marx
"It's smarter to look at portions than to count calories." -Randy Jackson
"We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience." -Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
"Boredom is rage spread thin." -Paul Tillich
"If knowledge can create problems, it is not through ignorance that we can solve them." -Isaac Asimov
"I have such a huge girl crush on Beyonce." -Laura Carmichael
"The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live." -Mortimer Adler
"In deep sadness there is no place for sentimentality." -William S. Burroughs
"The ancient Greeks noticed that a man with arms and legs extended described a circle, with his navel as the center." -Stephen Gardiner
"I don't know who invented high heels, but all women owe him a lot." -Marilyn Monroe
"And for me there's still more material than 20 lifetimes that I can use up." -Jerry Garcia
"I like the pressure." -Jaromir Jagr
"When a writer makes something, it's theirs forever. That is the magic for me." -Ellen Gallagher
"To stay a great singer or guitar player, you've got to do it 24/7. That's what I do." -Sammy Hagar
"I've been compared to Jude Law my whole career." -JJ Feild
"There was a lot of music in our home. Mom played piano in church and gave piano lessons." -Ernie Isley
"Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart." -Phil Jackson
"The best ideas start as conversations." -Jonathan Ive
"Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works." -Steve Jobs
"I am an optimist even though I am told everything I do is negative and cynical." -Armando Iannucci
"People don't like to follow pessimists." -Bob Iger
"The ultimate aim of the human mind, in all its efforts, is to become acquainted with Truth." -Eliza Farnham
"Children are the anchors of a mother's life." -Sophocles
"Ultimately, I don't think you can teach a tone-deaf person how to sing. Some talents you're just born with, unfortunately." -Anna Camp
"Every woman has, for her own self-esteem, to work or have a major interest." -Amanda Eliasch
"If Bush said just once: 'Boy. I hope you accept my apology as a country,' or showed some humanity." -Burt Bacharach
"If I can play 15 when I am 25, I can play 35 when I'm 55." -Britt Robertson
"You must change in order to survive." -Pearl Bailey
"I feel like Sony appreciates good music from a talented artist." -DMX
"After ten or twelve years you can only play something so long and then you start to parody it." -Larry Hagman
"I think the best riffs and the best songs come when you're jamming and having a good time." -Scott Ian
"I love winners when they cry, losers when they try." -Tom T. Hall
"The man who doesn't want anything is invincible." -Antonio Banderas
"The ancients understood the regulation of power better than the regulation of liberty." -Edward Dahlberg
"I don't know how anyone could vote Republican. It's so obvious that their only interest is keeping the rich rich." -Vivian Campbell
"They've all been through bad things. So bad things happen to people. They happen to all the great men of God." -Jim Bakker
"Live your life as though your every act were to become a universal law." -Immanuel Kant
"I had to have a complete liver transplant." -Shelley Fabares
"When a writer declares that his first book is his best, that is bad. I progress successively from book to book." -Mahmoud Darwish
"I kind of live in this weird world where I am exposed to a lot of stuff, but then again I am not exposed to a lot of stuff." -Scott Ian
"Solo concerts are murder, I find; I don't like doing them." -Derek Bailey
"I enjoy the hunt much more than the 'good life' after the victory." -Carl Icahn
"I would say I'm a casual gamer. I'm not hardcore." -Bruce Feirstein
"Is it security you want? There is no security at the top of the world." -Garet Garrett
"We weren't by any means like the Grateful Dead or something, who could just roll on and on and on." -Neil Innes
"I'm not interested in preserving the status quo; I want to overthrow it." -Niccolo Machiavelli
"I'm a proud Welshman." -Gareth Bale
"There were no temples or shrines among us save those of nature." -Charles Eastman
"Your tendency to be inward-directed or outward-directed is huge; it governs every part of the way you live and work and love." -Susan Cain
"You're in pretty good shape for the shape you are in." -Dr. Seuss
"People to whom nothing has ever happened cannot understand the unimportance of events." -T. S. Eliot
"Every shot that kills ricochets." -Gilbert Parker
"I think it is most important for a teacher to play the pieces and studies that are being played by the student." -James Galway
"I always felt like something bigger was waiting for me out there." -Jonathan Cain
"Fate is written in the face." -Federico Fellini
"Maybe people become bitter when they don't know what they are fighting for. But I keep my eyes open." -Eva Gabrielsson
"There are some movies that I would like to forget, for the rest of my life. But even those movies teach me things." -Antonio Banderas
"I still feel like the same girl who grew up in Albion Park. I'm such a family girl. I haven't changed." -Casey Eastham
"I hope what I do has an art to it, and as an artist you have to try new things and keep yourself entertained." -Craig Ferguson
"People who get involved with the success of something have to be given at least some share of that success." -Michael Ironside
"If there is such a thing as a workaholic, I'm it, and that's what passes for leisure." -Steve Earle
"I think that a leader is someone that needs to make an impact on, off the cricket field and in their lives as well." -Gautam Gambhir
"The beautiful spring came; and when Nature resumes her loveliness, the human soul is apt to revive also." -Harriet Ann Jacobs
"It ain't over till it's over." -Yogi Berra
"If you would have a good wife, marry one who has been a good daughter." -Thomas Fuller
"Always give a word or sign of salute when meeting or passing a friend, or even a stranger, if in a lonely place." -Tecumseh
"Soon the child learns that there are strangers, and ceases to be a child." -Max Muller
"Better to die ten thousand deaths than wound my honor." -Joseph Addison
"Misery no longer loves company. Nowadays it insists on it." -Russell Baker
"The way you see people is the way you treat them, and the way you treat them is what they become." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"I was a club kid. I was on the cover of 'New York' magazine and discovered like that." -Vanessa Ferlito
"The biographer who writes the life of his subject's self-concept passes through a fade into the inner house of life." -Leon Edel
"I look for people who have drive, who have ambition, who are humble. I've hired many people at very strange places." -Tony Fernandes
"Well, I do lie for a living. I'm an actor." -Sarah Wayne Callies
"Knowledge is a polite word for dead but not buried imagination." -e. e. cummings
"I realize that every picture isn't a work of art." -Conrad Hall
"The art of living well and the art of dying well are one." -Epicurus
"Though my stories aren't autobiographical, I do sometimes use things from my life." -Kim Edwards
"The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them." -Ernest Hemingway
"I think any label is bad." -Nikki Haley
"In the moment of acting you don't feel like anything, you feel like the person, as much as you can." -Jason Isaacs
"Heat cannot be separated from fire, or beauty from The Eternal." -Dante Alighieri
"Sometimes you move publicly, sometimes privately. Sometimes quietly, sometimes at the top of your voice." -James Baker
"I'm a shocker. I like to create controversy. It's my trademark." -Brenda Fassie
"Real heroes are all around us and uncelebrated." -Peter Capaldi
"Consider your origins: you were not made to live as brutes, but to follow virtue and knowledge." -Dante Alighieri
"Find a priest who understands English and doesn't look like Rasputin." -Aristotle Onassis
"I started 20 years without missing a race and ESPN started broadcasting on the air waves." -Dale Earnhardt
"I don't care what anybody says about me as long as it isn't true." -Truman Capote
"Every man builds his world in his own image. He has the power to choose, but no power to escape the necessity of choice." -Ayn Rand
"Love, friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something." -Anton Chekhov
"For me, playing is about playing with other people." -Derek Bailey
"Humanity is smart. Sometime in the technology world we think we are smarter, but we are not smarter than you." -Mitchell Baker
"I deal with the human psychology and evil. They are my twin issues." -Greg Iles
"In westerns, you meet a hardy bunch of characters. There is no jealousy on such pictures." -John Wayne
"Giving up smoking is the easiest thing in the world. I know because I've done it thousands of times." -Mark Twain
"I believe most things can be said in a few lines." -Enzo Ferrari
"Journalism was being whittled away by a Wall Street theory that profits can be maximized by minimizing the product." -Russell Baker
"The fears of one class of men are not the measure of the rights of another." -George Bancroft
"I'm a bit of a hippie." -Corey Feldman
"I really think I like poisonous snakes." -Bindi Irwin
"Do you wish people to think well of you? Don't speak well of yourself." -Blaise Pascal
"Bridges become frames for looking at the world around us." -Bruce Jackson
"Sunsets are so beautiful that they almost seem as if we were looking through the gates of Heaven." -John Lubbock
"That's not so important to me, that time thing." -Max Cannon
"Talk of joy: there may be things better than beef stew and baked potatoes and home-made bread - there may be." -Ray Stannard Baker
"The wages of pedantry is pain." -Carroll O'Connor
"When you finish a film, if you believed in your character, you're empty." -Jean-Claude Van Damme
"Take, if you must, this little bag of dreams, Unloose the cord, and they will wrap you round." -William Butler Yeats
"We often hear of people breaking down from overwork, but in nine out of ten they are really suffering from worry or anxiety." -John Lubbock
"I travel, I read, I write, I have other lives. But when I have a camera, I know that's my country, my island." -Leos Carax
"I don't think about my previous success. I'm happy that the work I've done has been very successful." -Aaliyah
"A lot of its readers are of an age where they forget to cancel." -Jerry Della Femina
"Barbarism is the absence of standards to which appeal can be made." -Jose Ortega y Gasset
"Happiness is like a kiss. You must share it to enjoy it." -Bernard Meltzer
"It's important to make clear to all the schools at Harvard the central role of the library." -Robert Darnton
"If you believe that discrimination exists, it will." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
"Love is indeed, at root, the product of the firings of neurons and release of hormones." -Julian Baggini
"It does grieve me to think there are people misunderstanding my heart on an issue." -Kirk Cameron
"The main facts in human life are five: birth, food, sleep, love and death." -E. M. Forster
"I grew up Windlesham in Surrey, which is a beautiful and quaint village." -Kirsty Gallacher
"Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction." -John F. Kennedy
"I love the MLB app, because I'm a pretty obsessed baseball fan." -Bill de Blasio
"What's in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet." -William Shakespeare
"I believe I can even yet remember when I saw the stars for the first time." -Max Muller
"After leaving law school, I intentionally said that I never wanted to hold a job more than six years." -Alphonso Jackson
"I'm a big fan of Beyonce and Rihanna. I've listened to Beyonce all my life, and she's a big influence on me." -Katy B
"An extended school day gives administrators the ability to ensure children get a well-rounded education." -Geoffrey Canada
"A man of courage is also full of faith." -Marcus Tullius Cicero
"Everybody knows the Lord loveth a cheerful giver." -George Washington Cable
"My parents are opposites who balance each other out." -Tamara Ecclestone
"I am always locked in my design studio." -Valentino Garavani
"Life is the art of drawing without an eraser." -John W. Gardner
"To me, flowers are happiness." -Stefano Gabbana
"I watch every 'Real Housewives' franchise there is." -Shanola Hampton
"I like the idea of growing old gracefully and full of wrinkles... like Audrey Hepburn." -Natalie Imbruglia
"Badminton is not popular in the U.S. because I think the mentality of badminton has to change." -Howard Bach
"Ain't no man can avoid being born average, but there ain't no man got to be common." -Satchel Paige
"I'm freakishly competitive, so I set a date to achieve a certain weight or fitness." -Jamie Bamber
"I think Flip Wilson is a brillant comedian." -Bobby Darin
"But then, even with sex, I'm more in the school of less is more in movies." -Aaron Eckhart
"God gave us memory so that we might have roses in December." -James M. Barrie
"Mother is the name for God in the lips and hearts of little children." -William Makepeace Thackeray
"The most sinister aspect of Jack is his detachment, his ability to distance himself from his feelings." -Victor Garber
"The best thing to hold onto in life is each other." -Audrey Hepburn
"If you rest, you rust." -Helen Hayes
"Love unlocks doors and opens windows that weren't even there before." -Mignon McLaughlin
"There is no 'i' in team but there is in win." -Michael Jordan
"The real being of language is that into which we are taken up when we hear it - what is said." -Hans-Georg Gadamer
"When I dress up for events, I prefer Marc Jacobs and Dior. But I dream about wearing Chanel one day." -Lucy Hale
"Don't let the past steal your present. This is the message of Christmas: We are never alone." -Taylor Caldwell
"One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes." -Benjamin Disraeli
"America is the country where you can buy a lifetime supply of aspirin For one dollar and use it up in two weeks." -John Barrymore
"Look at Judi Dench, who's brilliant in whatever bloody job she does." -Imelda Staunton
"Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting." -Napoleon Hill
"I'm a huge fan of John Malkovich and Josh Brolin, and Michael Shannon has got to be one of my favorite actors." -John Gallagher, Jr.
"Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value." -Albert Einstein
"My mind's never gone very far away from what I wanted to accomplish." -Dan Gable
"The buried talent is the sunken rock on which most lives strike and founder." -Frederick William Faber
"There is no end. There is no beginning. There is only the passion of life." -Federico Fellini
"The real hero is always a hero by mistake; he dreams of being an honest coward like everybody else." -Umberto Eco
"Marriage is like putting your hand into a bag of snakes in the hope of pulling out an eel." -Leonardo da Vinci
"I can only assume that your editorial writer tripped over the First Amendment and thought it was the office cat." -E. B. White
"I don't know if you saw the parting of the Red Sea with the chariots on the horses, I did stuff like that." -Richard Farnsworth
"We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork." -Milton Friedman
"I can't read a note. I have lots of discipline, but I can't sit still at any instrument." -Suzanne Farrell
"I wouldn't want to try to adapt something of my own. It would be like going back to school and doing all my exams again." -Kazuo Ishiguro
"True happiness... is not attained through self-gratification, but through fidelity to a worthy purpose." -Helen Keller
"You all want to know what is my dream? Very simple. To walk along the beach, holding the hand of my lover." -Michelle Bachelet
"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value." -Albert Einstein
"Consular cards are easily obtained with no proof of true identity and are easily forged." -Elton Gallegly
"People don't come to church for preachments, of course, but to daydream about God." -Kurt Vonnegut
"When America is chasing you, the whole world is chasing you." -Abu Abbas
"Not all celebrities are dunces." -Carroll O'Connor
"I sort of make believe. That's why I like acting. You can create or imagine anything." -Elle Fanning
"My grandfather's death was really hard to deal with." -Casey Eastham
"My favorite album would have to be something from The Beatles." -Liam Gallagher
"I'm not religious, so theres no church on Sunday." -Tamara Ecclestone
"If only God would give me some clear sign! Like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss bank." -Woody Allen
"Above all the grace and the gifts that Christ gives to his beloved is that of overcoming self." -Francis of Assisi
"If you grew up in a household with a football coach who looks like a drill sergeant, you would think you would be tough." -Brett Favre
"And sometimes you have to go above the written law, I believe." -Fawn Hall
"Affairs are easier of entrance than of exit; and it is but common prudence to see our way out before we venture in." -Aesop
"We know our son. We know he's not a pedophile like some of these newscasters are saying. That is not true." -Joseph Jackson
"Vagueness is at times an indication of nearness to a perfect truth." -Charles Ives
"I'm a genuine person - I will never promote something I don't believe in." -Gal Gadot
"It is easy to condemn, it is better to pity." -Lyman Abbott
"Nothing is harder to direct than a man in prosperity; nothing more easily managed that one is adversity." -Plutarch
"It is better to be the widow of a hero than the wife of a coward." -Dolores Ibarruri
"I always try to be optimistic, but not to the point where I'm getting on people's nerves." -Nick Cannon
"I eat healthy, and I eat a lot." -Constance Jablonski
"Confronted with the choice, the American people would choose the policeman's truncheon over the anarchist's bomb." -Spiro T. Agnew
"My family is just an amazing melting pot of wonderful religions and faiths." -Rima Fakih
"Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend." -Albert Camus
"Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things." -Peter Drucker
"Cleveland is the place I grew up and lived much of my adult life, so it will always be a part of my soul." -Mark Edwards
"Heavy hearts, like heavy clouds in the sky, are best relieved by the letting of a little water." -Christopher Morley
"Doubt is the middle position between knowledge and ignorance. It encompasses cynicism but also genuine questioning." -Vera Farmiga
"A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out." -Walter Winchell
"With an apple I will astonish Paris." -Paul Cezanne
"You have this enormous network and no one knows what's out there." -Dan Farmer
"I show up ready to play, so I normally try and fit the situation." -Matt Cameron
"Life opens up opportunities to you, and you either take them or you stay afraid of taking them." -Jim Carrey
"Dad, wherever you are, you are gone but you will never be forgotten." -Conrad Hall
"I think that it's the job of the artist to be in transition and constantly learn more." -Justin Townes Earle
"Most modern comedy is crap." -Adrian Edmondson
"The man who rows the boat seldom has time to rock it." -Bill Copeland
"Photography is more than a medium for factual communication of ideas. It is a creative art." -Ansel Adams
"I'm really excited about the revolution that is young people actually playing young people on Broadway." -Jennifer Damiano
"No one goes through life thinking that they're the best friend of the lead character." -Laura Carmichael
"Sometimes you have to accept that a guy played better on the day than you." -Roger Federer
"I do enjoy exercise, not because I am an exercise junkie but because it's terrific stress release." -Tony Abbott
"I live to laugh, and I laugh to live." -Milton Berle
"I cleanse, tone and moisturize twice a day. I exfoliate once a week and carry makeup wipes in the car for freshening up." -Sasha Jackson
"The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge." -Bertrand Russell
"I express things through characters because I have a fear that my own voice is irritating because that's been said to me." -Maria Bamford
"Man is the only animal for whom his own existence is a problem which he has to solve." -Erich Fromm
"Second place is just the first place loser." -Dale Earnhardt
"In society, one doesn't tell the truth, one tells the exact opposite." -Nelson Eddy
"I'm famous for being a silky midfielder." -Phil Daniels
"Every television show you go on is a choice." -Joan Rivers
"You can't get away from who you are I guess." -Mark Edwards
"We seldom find people ungrateful so long as it is thought we can serve them." -Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"Peace is a journey of a thousand miles and it must be taken one step at a time." -Lyndon B. Johnson
"I am a very hopeful person." -Jessica Capshaw
"I don't really like to go out to clubs or anything. It's just not my style. I'd much rather go to a dive bar or a local place." -Anna Faris
"The past is the beginning of the beginning and all that is and has been is but the twilight of the dawn." -H. G. Wells
"Eventually, I'll build a ranch and raise horses." -Jeff Fahey
"I wonder now how tough you have to be to get big things done." -Walter Isaacson
"The highest reward that God gives us for good work is the ability to do better work." -Elbert Hubbard
"In addition to that, Mono has produced a very large set of extra libraries." -Miguel de Icaza
"A person may dwell so long upon a thought that it may take him a prisoner." -E. F. L. Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax
"The innocence of childhood is like the innocence of a lot of animals." -Clint Eastwood
"The only time that I am really truly happy - when I feel at my best - is when I'm on the stage." -Etta James
"Evil is the moment when I lack the strength to be true to the Good that compels me." -Alain Badiou
"Well, where there is freedom doubt itself must be free." -Garet Garrett
"We live in a world of things, and our only connection with them is that we know how to manipulate or to consume them." -Erich Fromm
"Faith is different from proof; the latter is human, the former is a Gift from God." -Blaise Pascal
"For decades the American people have had an addiction to oil and gas." -Lee H. Hamilton
"Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment, full effort is full victory." -Mahatma Gandhi
"Tragedy is a tool for the living to gain wisdom, not a guide by which to live." -Robert Kennedy
"It's not the events of our lives that shape us, but our beliefs as to what those events mean." -Tony Robbins
"There are a lot of good things that we can do. Maybe my example can help someone." -Cheryl James
"For too long, Americans have fallen victim to financial abuses at the hands of predatory lenders that operate in the shadows." -Kay Hagan
"I always watch the French news on the Internet while having my breakfast." -Sigrid Agren
"I think American audiences are open to people with accents and different nationalities being on the screen." -Jamie Bamber
"Stubborn and ardent clinging to one's opinion is the best proof of stupidity." -Michel de Montaigne
"I have no ill will in my heart against anybody in this world." -Alex Campbell
"We live in a world where there are dangerous people, there are bad people." -Chuck Hagel
"I am searching for abstract ways of expressing reality, abstract forms that will enlighten my own mystery." -Eric Cantona
"I have my own strength." -Nina Hagen
"You do not know what you can miss before you try." -Franklin Pierce Adams
"I want to live as private a life as I can because of our children." -Melinda Gates
"If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants." -Isaac Newton
"'Superbad' was such a personal movie." -Bill Hader
"Financial freedom is available to those who learn about it and work for it." -Robert Kiyosaki
"I have to give the SNL crew props - it cannot have been easy to work with me." -Darrell Hammond
"After 9/11, we did see Palestinian terrorism in the context of all terrorism." -Elliott Abrams
"I'd want to collaborate with Eminem, of all people. Maybe even Lauryn Hill." -Kat Dahlia
"It is guaranteed to put all teeth on edge, including George Washington's, wherever they might be." -Vincent Canby
"Let us be grateful to people who make us happy, they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom." -Marcel Proust
"If you keep thinking about what you want to do or what you hope will happen, you don't do it, and it won't happen." -Desiderius Erasmus
"You never know what events are going to transpire to get you home." -Og Mandino
"People have taught me not to look for intelligence in rockmusic." -Andrew Eldritch
"I love it when someone insults me. That means that I don't have to be nice anymore." -Billy Idol
"Blues and soul and jazz music has so much pain, so much beauty of raw emotion and passion." -Christina Aguilera
"I have had many troubles in my life, but the worst of them never came." -James A. Garfield
"There is beauty when something works and it works intuitively." -Jonathan Ive
"I have learned that to be with those I like is enough." -Walt Whitman
"Stop setting goals. Goals are pure fantasy unless you have a specific plan to achieve them." -Stephen Covey
"Without a sense of caring, there can be no sense of community." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
"Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence." -Carl Sagan
"The metaphor for Palestine is stronger than the Palestine of reality." -Mahmoud Darwish
"I do Pilates a lot. I don't do a lot of cardiovascular stuff." -Teri Garr
"We have to live life with a sense of urgency so not a minute is wasted." -Les Brown
"A lie which is half a truth is ever the blackest of lies." -Alfred Lord Tennyson
"Be obscure clearly." -E. B. White
"Get off your butt and join the Marines!" -John Wayne
"While I've worked on many topics and written many books, I have not abandoned my interest in multiple intelligences." -Howard Gardner
"I think I was a Japanese schoolgirl in another life. That's how much I love Hello Kitty." -Dakota Fanning
"I just always wanted to sit in a casting session and see all of the train wrecks that come in." -Holland Roden
"Painting from nature is not copying the object; it is realizing one's sensations." -Paul Cezanne
"Ultimately, only audiences decide what's a franchise." -Nina Jacobson
"Nature is more like a seesaw than a crystal, a never-ending conga line of bold moves and corrections." -Diane Ackerman
"What is there more kindly than the feeling between host and guest?" -Aeschylus
"Elections matter, but how much they matter depends entirely on how free, open and fair they are." -Elliott Abrams
"I have no regrets about my life." -Jane Badler
"I think the person who takes a job in order to live - that is to say, for the money - has turned himself into a slave." -Joseph Campbell
"You wonder why I only talk about my personal life. But that's all I've ever done." -Gabriel Iglesias
"I honestly didn't expect this much attention, but it just keeps happening so I must be doing something right." -Freddy Adu
"My ultimate dream is to become a famous star because I love to sing." -Lucy Hale
"It's tough to find a place not to like in Switzerland." -Michele Bachmann
"Don't grieve. Anything you lose comes round in another form." -Rumi
"Finding someone who's willing to drown with you creates a situation where you no longer want to drown." -Marilyn Manson
"A father is always making his baby into a little woman. And when she is a woman he turns her back again." -Enid Bagnold
"I welcome and seek your ideas, but do not bring me small ideas; bring me big ideas to match our future." -Arnold Schwarzenegger
"The British have a remarkable talent for keeping calm, even when there is no crisis." -Franklin P. Jones
"I'm pretty good at gardening. It consumes my time, and it feels like I'm doing something constructive." -Simon Baker
"Political movements always belong to the young." -Harvey Fierstein
"I actually wanted to be a writer long before I wanted to be an actor." -Simon Callow
"People say keeping it real is a hard thing to do. Keeping it real is easy. Being fake and being soft is hard to do." -Trick Daddy
"Do people really believe there's something different about the eyes of murderers?" -Bill James
"Joy comes, grief goes, we know not how." -James Russell Lowell
"Nobody can bring you peace but yourself." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"If you think something's funny, go with that. Most comedians pull jokes from a place of honesty." -Olivia Munn
"I am Quinn's father. I will do everything in my power to provide her with the love and support she deserves." -John Edwards
"Those that despise people will never get the best out of others and themselves." -Alexis de Tocqueville
"Love is unknown. To open the heart in trust is unknown. They say love hurts. It doesn't have to." -Miguel Angel Ruiz
"Never fear a job, always respect it, and always leave yourself a hind door to escape. May your hind door always be open." -Red Adair
"You have been chosen, and you must therefore use such strength and heart and wits as you have." -J. R. R. Tolkien
"It is inexcusable for scientists to torture animals; let them make their experiments on journalists and politicians." -Henrik Ibsen
"Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes." -Zig Ziglar
"I had a career. His name was Ike." -Mamie Eisenhower
"Sometimes when I think how good my book can be, I can hardly breathe." -Truman Capote
"When France fell in 1940, De Gaulle was a temporary brigadier general." -John Eisenhower
"We must govern from the middle, or we will not be able to govern at all." -Tom Daschle
"Keep the soil healthy and the bad seed won't grow." -David Agus
"Smiles, tears, of all my life! - and, if God choose, I shall but love thee better after death." -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
"The pen is mightier than the sword, and is considerably easier to write with." -Marty Feldman
"The only way to do the human rights thing is to do the right thing medically." -Paul Farmer
"Atheism has been on the rise for years now, and the Bible of the atheists is 'The Origin of Species.'" -Kirk Cameron
"Innocence most often is a good fortune and not a virtue." -Anatole France
"I eat whatever I want. I like bread and cheese and wine, and that makes my life fun and enjoyable." -Gwyneth Paltrow
"The essence of being human is that one does not seek perfection." -George Orwell
"I would rather earn 1% off a 100 people's efforts than 100% of my own efforts." -John D. Rockefeller
"There are always two people in every picture: the photographer and the viewer." -Ansel Adams
"Fear is the foundation of most governments." -John Adams
"If you try to go beyond your interests just for the sake of pretensions or wealth, your art becomes less legitimate." -Vincent D'Onofrio
"It's never been a priority for me to concentrate on the likability of the character." -Johnny Galecki
"It's not just a revue where one song is done, then another. There are concepts and ideas at work." -Hal David
"All which is not prose is verse; and all which is not verse is prose." -Moliere
"Jesus isn't a logo, I'm not promoting some company, some brand. I'm just professing my faith." -Stephen Baldwin
"To take wine into our mouths is to savor a droplet of the river of human history." -Clifton Fadiman
"Leaders should lead as far as they can and then vanish. Their ashes should not choke the fire they have lit." -H. G. Wells
"I wanted to be a literary writer, so I wrote story after story and sent them to 'The New Yorker.'" -Diane Mott Davidson
"I play computer games, watch TV and do what normal people do." -Gareth Bale
"You know they're not going to lose 162 consecutive games." -Harry Caray
"Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment." -Oprah Winfrey
"I enjoyed in every way my 12 years of playing Archie, and I wasn't personally sad about finishing a long job." -Carroll O'Connor
"Postmodernism is among other things a sick joke at the expense of revolutionary avant-gardism." -Terry Eagleton
"Every viewer is going to get a different thing. That's the thing about painting, photography, cinema." -David Lynch
"Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace." -Amelia Earhart
"Time is nature's way of keeping everything from happening at once." -Woody Allen
"I'm not a big, three-hour-play, Ibsen-revival kind of man." -James Gandolfini
"I think I was probably always a liar; I just get paid for it now." -Jason Isaacs
"I am a role model, definitely and I definitely support women." -Blu Cantrell
"I never gave anybody hell! I just told the truth and they thought it was hell." -Harry S Truman
"You have to have a lot of little boy in you to play baseball for a living." -Roy Campanella
"I always wanted to act. I guess I've always been a bit of a drama queen." -Samantha Isler
"Another man whose social life has ruined him." -Dashiell Hammett
"To be lost is as legitimate a part of your process as being found." -Alex Ebert
"I have many weaknesses, but I have one strength. When I do something, I do it 300 percent. I'm not a middle man." -Lapo Elkann
"Justice has nothing to do with what goes on in a courtroom; Justice is what comes out of a courtroom." -Clarence Darrow
"Everyone moans about the collapsing U.S. infrastructure." -James Fallows
"When I'm feeling a little empty in the head, I like to go see movies or read to loosen things up there." -James Dashner
"Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times." -Niccolo Machiavelli
"Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship." -Buddha
"Children are educated by what the grown-up is and not by his talk." -Carl Jung
"Nothing that God ever made is the same thing to more than one person. That is natural." -Zora Neale Hurston
"One of the oldest human needs is having someone to wonder where you are when you don't come home at night." -Margaret Mead
"If people knew how hard I worked to get my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful at all." -Michelangelo
"I never set out to be weird. It was always other people who called me weird." -Frank Zappa
"Internet penetration in Italy is quite low and the Berlusconi media machine controls most of what people see." -Joichi Ito
"Beauty is in the heart of the beholder." -H. G. Wells
"Don't limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time." -Rabindranath Tagore
"I was still in school at the time and Cab was very popular and everybody was doing Cab Calloway so I did." -Billy Eckstine
"Life in common among people who love each other is the ideal of happiness." -George Sand
"Where can we go to find God if we cannot see Him in our own hearts and in every living being." -Swami Vivekananda
"We do not remember days, we remember moments." -Cesare Pavese
"A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business." -Henry Ford
"I think I was first to do live performances on a modern electronic sound synthesizer." -John Eaton
"L.A. is kind of laid back, but New York, everybody is out there for that buck, you know." -Billy Eckstine
"Art is not a study of positive reality, it is the seeking for ideal truth." -John Ruskin
"Love is the power to see similarity in the dissimilar." -Theodor Adorno
"I was a little bit of a cocky kid." -Bill Ackman
"What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate." -Donald Trump
"I tried being reasonable, I didn't like it." -Clint Eastwood
"Our patience will achieve more than our force." -Edmund Burke
"It sounds trite, but I like telling stories." -Rebecca Hall
"In a weird way, I live vicariously through the characters I play as an actor." -James Badge Dale
"The past cannot be cured." -Elizabeth I
"In my opinion, Arnold Schwarzenegger wasn't qualified to be governor of California." -James Garner
"Where there is no property there is no injustice." -John Locke
"Soccer isn't very social. Plus, if you don't like someone on the other team, you can do something about it." -Mia Hamm
"I'm one of six kids, and the eight of us lived for over a decade in either a bus or a boat." -Paul Farmer
"If you live long enough, lots of nice things happen." -George Halas
"Christmas isn't a season. It's a feeling." -Edna Ferber
"I think Philadelphia has been underrated over the years as a musical region." -Daryl Hall
"U2 albums never get finished. They just get released." -The Edge
"All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt." -Charles M. Schulz
"Every film that I have done has a special place in my heart." -Sid Haig
"I freely admit that I am a bit of a misfit." -Rhys Ifans
"I'm sure I'm perceived in a more glam way. This is my breakout if you will." -Taylor Dane
"I don't like to talk about myself that much." -Gene Hackman
"A good government remains the greatest of human blessings and no nation has ever enjoyed it." -Dean Inge
"Trees are the earth's endless effort to speak to the listening heaven." -Rabindranath Tagore
"Life goes by fast. Enjoy it. Calm down. It's all funny. Next. Everyone gets so upset about the wrong things." -Joan Rivers
"Mystery is a resource, like coal or gold, and its preservation is a fine thing." -Tim Cahill
"The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have." -Vince Lombardi
"Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours." -Richard Bach
"I prefer to play and lose rather than win, because I know in advance I'm going to win." -Eric Cantona
"We don't take care of our teachers and our cops and our firemen. They should be at the top of our list." -Brad Garrett
"For me, though, the fun is over when I get the job." -Helmut Jahn
"Insanity runs in my family. It practically gallops." -Cary Grant
"I discovered that if one looks a little closer at this beautiful world, there are always red ants underneath." -David Lynch
"When you make a decision to forgive it's a decision that you have to make intellectually." -T. D. Jakes
"A good night's sleep is always the best way to wake up and go to work." -Chanel Iman
"To me, the trick is not how can I make people laugh. It is, how can I make people laugh in a different way." -Vir Das
"One never really knows who one's enemy is." -Jurgen Habermas
"I don't see that a single line can constitute a stanza, although it can constitute a whole poem." -James Fenton
"I always take my time when picking out outfits at home, but I will say I can change pretty quick when I'm in a hurry." -Chanel Iman
"A boy carries out suggestions more wholeheartedly when he understands their aim." -Robert Baden-Powell
"I tolerate lactose like I tolerate people." -Larry David
"It isn't enough to talk about peace. One must believe in it. And it isn't enough to believe in it. One must work at it." -Eleanor Roosevelt
"People who have expertise just love to share it. That's human nature." -David Baldacci
"Bad directors are the ones who want to tell you every move, and think they're a better actor than you." -Carroll Baker
"Whenever anyone has offended me, I try to raise my soul so high that the offense cannot reach it." -Rene Descartes
"Work and struggle and never accept an evil that you can change." -Andre Gide
"Respect yourself if you would have others respect you." -Baltasar Gracian
"I've never had any real big blow-ups. I go against the grain. Hey, it's life, I'm happy." -Jermaine Jackson
"To me the definition of true masculinity - and femininity, too - is being able to lay in your own skin comfortably." -Vincent D'Onofrio
"You got to get it while you can." -Janis Joplin
"For prayer is nothing else than being on terms of friendship with God." -Saint Teresa of Avila
"Human beings are weak." -Jack Abramoff
"I expect nothing. I fear no one. I am free." -Nikos Kazantzakis
"Neurosis is the way of avoiding non-being by avoiding being." -Paul Tillich
"I have no friends and no enemies - only competitors." -Aristotle Onassis
"If you believe in God, He will open the windows of heaven and pour blessings upon you." -Mahalia Jackson
"'96 is the year of love. We all need to pull together." -The Notorious B.I.G.
"I would be absolutely honored if I made Jon Hamm crack, because he is uncrackable." -Jay R. Ferguson
"When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger." -Epictetus
"In old age we are like a batch of letters that someone has sent. We are no longer in the past, we have arrived." -Knut Hamsun
"If you were just intent on killing people you could do better with a bomb made of agricultural fertiliser." -Ian Hacking
"The greatest enemy to human souls is the self-righteous spirit which makes men look to themselves for salvation." -Charles Spurgeon
"I've been doing a lot of music for films and television for quite a few years." -Jan Hammer
"God uses whoever he wants." -Dyan Cannon
"Necessity is blind until it becomes conscious. Freedom is the consciousness of necessity." -Karl Marx
"Without the spiritual world the material world is a disheartening enigma." -Joseph Joubert
"I'm ashamed to say the first play I saw at the Royal Court was mine." -Christopher Hampton
"Life is a difficult game. You can win it only by retaining your birthright to be a person." -A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
"Stress and looks are directly connected as far as I am concerned. If you are happy, you look good." -Mahesh Babu
"The writer is the engineer of the human soul." -Joseph Stalin
"Let us be grateful to the mirror for revealing to us our appearance only." -Samuel Butler
"It's fantastic to see 'Les Miserables' become the top-grossing film at the U.K. box office." -Eric Fellner
"In 1893 I founded a chemical company which I ran until 1899." -Leo Baekeland
"Women are women, and hurray for that." -John Galliano
"The only difference between death and taxes is that death doesn't get worse every time Congress meets." -Will Rogers
"Wisdom begins in wonder." -Socrates
"The day I'm able to be debt-free is the day I'm going to be the happiest guy around." -Steve Garvey
"Washington, D.C. is a city filled with people who believe they are important." -David Brinkley
"About once every four days, someone comes up to me and is like, 'Hey, I know you from somewhere.'" -Carla Gallo
"I would like to see 'A Confederacy of Dunces' by John Kennedy Toole adapted." -Tamara Feldman
"When your hobbies get in the way of your work - that's OK; but when your hobbies get in the way of themselves... well." -Steve Martin
"Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win." -Sun Tzu
"Romeo Must Die came at the right time. It was the right vehicle for me." -Aaliyah
"My kind of director is an actor-director who writes." -Orson Welles
"Forgive those who have hurt you." -Les Brown
"The only time I can really relax is up a tree or somewhere outside. I love being outside." -Tom Felton
"There is no friendship, no love, like that of the parent for the child." -Henry Ward Beecher
"Age is a case of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it don't matter." -Satchel Paige
"I like creating these rhythmic patterns. These interlocking rhythmic things are really fun." -Danny Elfman
"I wasn't ever advised by Scott Sullivan of anything ever being wrong." -Bernard Ebbers
"It is easier for a tutor to command than to teach." -John Locke
"I consider it top priority to improve water quality and increase water quantity in my community." -Joe Baca
"I've always believed that you can think positive just as well as you can think negative." -James A. Baldwin
"People never improve unless they look to some standard or example higher or better than themselves." -Tryon Edwards
"Never make friends with people who are above or below you in status. Such friendships will never give you any happiness." -Chanakya
"Blues are the songs of despair, but gospel songs are the songs of hope." -Mahalia Jackson
"I've had a good day when I don't fall out of the cart." -Buddy Hackett
"He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger." -Confucius
"You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals." -George S. Patton
"For sleep, one needs endless depths of blackness to sink into; daylight is too shallow, it will not cover one." -Anne Morrow Lindbergh
"If it's a slow race you have to be on your guard. You have to be patient, but I prefer that." -Michael East
"The other night I ate at a real nice family restaurant. Every table had an argument going." -George Carlin
"Fashion is OK for five days, one minute, six months, but style is for the rest of the life." -Stefano Gabbana
"People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing." -Dale Carnegie
"It is not the healthy who need a doctor, but the sick. I have not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance." -Jesus Christ
"'But I don't want to go among mad people,' said Alice. 'Oh, you can't help that,' said the cat. 'We're all mad here.'" -Lewis Carroll
"Even though we work in the same field, we have an intense private life away from our professional lives." -Adrian Edmondson
"What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds." -Wayne Dyer
"Social advance depends as much upon the process through which it is secured as upon the result itself." -Jane Addams
"My father taught me that the easiest thing to do was to quit. He'd say, 'It doesn't take any talent to do that.'" -Ken Venturi
"The U.N. can meet and discuss, but we don't need their permission." -Andrew Card
"My advice is, if you are going to go on 'X Factor,' you have to know who you are as an artist." -Rebecca Ferguson
"Talent, like beauty, to be pardoned, must be obscure and unostentatious." -Marguerite Gardiner
"Because I hate fake people and I always think I'm never fake." -Victoria Jackson
"What the fashion system says and what the fashion customer says are really two different things." -Stefano Gabbana
"My block was due to two overlapping factors: laziness and lack of discipline." -Mary Garden
"The message here is you cannot, under any circumstances, throw an object at an official. You just cannot do it." -Stu Jackson
"The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison with it, that was the miracle." -Anais Nin
"Look for me in the whirlwind or the storm." -Marcus Garvey
"Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye." -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"I was amazed at the rosy glow that can be around one when you're in a film that's done well." -Embeth Davidtz
"He'd believe anything provided it's not in Holy Scripture." -Douglas Feaver
"It takes considerable knowledge just to realize the extent of your own ignorance." -Thomas Sowell
"I love the surprise element of being a mom." -Jessica Capshaw
"The farther reason looks the greater is the haze in which it loses itself." -Johann Georg Hamann
"When you are rich, people try to take advantage of you." -Tamara Ecclestone
"If you've never seen an elephant ski, you've never been on acid." -Eddie Izzard
"I love polarizing people." -Josh Gad
"Eating when you're not hungry and taking in that amount of food is exhausting." -Chris Hemsworth
"It doesn't matter what you believe just so long as you're sincere." -Charles M. Schulz
"You treat a lady like a dame, and a dame like a lady." -Frank Sinatra
"I had, probably, a more challenging experience growing up than most middle-class chicks." -Jennifer Hale
"It really does mean so much when your cast mates, who you respect so much, tell you that you made them laugh." -Gillian Jacobs
"War - the ordinary man's most convenient means of escaping from the ordinary." -Philip Caputo
"When asked, 'How do you write?' I invariably answer, 'one word at a time.'" -Stephen King
"There are so few people that wake up every day and go do something that they don't dread... I'm very lucky." -Jason Isbell
"There's a certain phraseology involved in jazz, and I've moved away from that." -Jan Garbarek
"Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down." -Ray Bradbury
"I had only one superstition. I made sure to touch all the bases when I hit a home run." -Babe Ruth
"It is easier to win than to fail. Everybody sides with the winner. But the failure walks alone." -George Matthew Adams
"During most of the Bush administration, human rights and democracy in Egypt were on the front burner." -Elliott Abrams
"Make the hard ones look easy and the easy ones look hard." -Walter Hagen
"I think that America has an obsession with history, really." -JJ Feild
"I'm not really an animal person." -Jeremy Irvine
"It's a funny habit to write encyclopedia entries. It's not a mass taste." -Sue Gardner
"There was a sense that there was a lot of word of mouth happening with 'The Memory Keeper's Daughter,' even in hardcover." -Kim Edwards
"There are no rules for good photographs, there are only good photographs." -Ansel Adams
"I began as a weatherman and I learned very quickly I wasn't very good at it." -Bob Iger
"I don't think most teachers realize how much impact they have." -Scott Hamilton
"Good listeners, like precious gems, are to be treasured." -Walter Anderson
"Being worshipped is a horrible experience." -John Fahey
"No law or ordinance is mightier than understanding." -Plato
"I still don't have all the answers. I'm more interested in what I can do next than what I did last." -Charlie Sheen
"Lots of middle class people are running around pretending to be Cockney." -Christopher Eccleston
"Meticulous planning will enable everything a man does to appear spontaneous." -Mark Caine
"A weed is no more than a flower in disguise, Which is seen through at once, if love give a man eyes." -James Russell Lowell
"There is no such thing as justice - in or out of court." -Clarence Darrow
"Our sins are more easily remembered than our good deeds." -Democritus
"If I read a book and it makes my whole body so cold no fire can ever warm me, I know that is poetry." -Emily Dickinson
"Skepticism, like chastity, should not be relinquished too readily." -George Santayana
"From such a gentle thing, from such a fountain of all delight, my every pain is born." -Michelangelo
"I studied political science and international relations, so I never considered myself an artist." -Philippe Falardeau
"I'm quite fond of Switzerland. I love Switzerland." -James Balog
"Love is of all passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the heart and the senses." -Lao Tzu
"If it wasn't for 2 Live Crew videos wouldn't look like they do and rappers wouldn't sound like they do." -Luther Campbell
"When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro." -Hunter S. Thompson
"History repeats itself, and that's one of the things that's wrong with history." -Clarence Darrow
"Expecting is the greatest impediment to living. In anticipation of tomorrow, it loses today." -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"I don't want to be Prime Minister of England, I want to be Prime Minister of the whole of the United Kingdom." -David Cameron
"I'm picking and choosing in terms of the stress factor. If it's not fun, I'm not going to do it." -Anita Baker
"We all want to be famous people, and the moment we want to be something we are no longer free." -Jiddu Krishnamurti
"I think the disarmament of Iraq is inevitable." -Douglas Feith
"My dad is awesome." -Justin Halpern
"A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success." -Elbert Hubbard
"People think that when you use Google you're finding exactly what you need, but really, you need expert help." -Robert Darnton
"I proved to my own satisfaction that I am madder than I think." -Craig Ferguson
"Writers speak stench." -Franz Kafka
"I would love to act. I probably won't make it to Hollywood at 42 years of age, but I'd love to act." -Richard Hammond
"You are the music while the music lasts." -T. S. Eliot
"And also, Sergio Leone was considered in Italy a director of category B, not a big director." -Claudia Cardinale
"But no, I don't think I'm particularly drawn to the period roles or the medieval roles." -Hugh Dancy
"Thus, what is of supreme importance in war is to attack the enemy's strategy." -Sun Tzu
"You have to believe in yourself." -Jeff Rich
"I hooked up my accelerator pedal in my car to my brake lights. I hit the gas, people behind me stop, and I'm gone." -Steven Wright
"We don't need fashion to survive, we just desire it so much." -Marc Jacobs
"I know you don't always need to spend a ton of money to be stylish." -Mark Indelicato
"There is no dignity quite so impressive, and no one independence quite so important, as living within your means." -Calvin Coolidge
"A woman who demands further gun control legislation is like a chicken who roots for Colonel Sanders." -Larry Elder
"He travels the fastest who travels alone." -Rudyard Kipling
"As for death one gets used to it, even if it's only other people's death you get used to." -Enid Bagnold
"The poetry of the earth is never dead." -John Keats
"People, even more than things, have to be restored, renewed, revived, reclaimed, and redeemed; never throw out anyone." -Audrey Hepburn
"Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement." -Henry Ford
"What we buy, and pay for, is part of ourselves." -Amelia Barr
"I must be allowed to be as I am." -Agnetha Faltskog
"I'm into fashion because it contains the mood of the day, of the moment - like music, literature, and art." -Zaha Hadid
"The ideas of the great playwrights are almost always larger than the experiences of even the best actors." -Stella Adler
"Nothing gives a fearful man more courage than another's fear." -Umberto Eco
"Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing." -Benjamin Franklin
"I was obliged to be industrious. Whoever is equally industrious will succeed equally well." -Johann Sebastian Bach
"Question everything. Every stripe, every star, every word spoken. Everything." -Ernest Gaines
"A women who doesn't wear perfume has no future." -Coco Chanel
"I like it when an actor is secure enough to ask questions, and the director is secure enough not to be threatened by that." -Paul Haggis
"The least amount of judging we can do, the better off we are." -Michael J. Fox
"From the ship all things were taken out, so that the clothes which I took with me on my back I only had." -William Adams
"If you think nobody cares about you, try missing a couple of payments." -Steven Wright
"When I want to understand what is happening today or try to decide what will happen tomorrow, I look back." -Omar Khayyam
"If you still want to kill him, do me a favor and take him outside. Those are new sheets." -Blake Edwards
"I have no technical training and am completely uneducated in music." -Sade Adu
"Tony Blair - good thing there are not parliamentary elections in this country." -Gwen Ifill
"Even when I'm tired, when I come home and think about catching up on my sleep, I'd rather stay up and hold my daughters." -Charlie Haas
"Writing old school HTML code was never very much fun but now it's getting downright tedious for most people." -Mike Davidson
"I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love." -Mother Teresa
"It is easier to find men who will volunteer to die, than to find those who are willing to endure pain with patience." -Julius Caesar
"Earth changes, but thy soul and God stand sure." -Robert Browning
"Nowadays, they have more trouble packing hair dryers than baseball equipment." -Bob Feller
"If someone is too perfect they won't look good. Imperfection is important." -Eric Cantona
"Faith is the state of being ultimately concerned." -Paul Tillich
"The absent are never without fault. Nor the present without excuse." -Michael Caine
"If you have zest and enthusiasm you attract zest and enthusiasm. Life does give back in kind." -Norman Vincent Peale
"Everything is raw material to me. Land is raw material... I take one form and transform it into other forms." -Theaster Gates
"Only the young die good." -Oliver Herford
"One of the many things nobody ever tells you about middle age is that it's such a nice change from being young." -William Feather
"Kindness is always fashionable." -Amelia Barr
"Heredity provides for the modification of its own machinery." -James Mark Baldwin
"I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand." -Confucius
"I like being a mother." -Amanda Abbington
"I actually wanted to be a tennis player." -Constance Jablonski
"I started with ballet and then my cousin Sarah introduced me to her tap teachers." -Adam Garcia
"It means so much to be European champion again with a personal best and I couldn't have asked for anything more." -Tom Daley
"Being an adult comes with a whole new set of issues." -Melissa de la Cruz
"I play for India, I play for the 100 million people of my country." -Gautam Gambhir
"I certainly think that 10 to 20 years from now, clearly the majority of veterinarians will be women." -Richard Adams
"In the name of Hypocrites, doctors have invented the most exquisite form of torture ever known to man: survival." -Edward Everett Hale
"I love doing what I do. I'm a born mentor. I've launched so many people's careers. I worked hard." -Paula Abdul
"You don't find happiness by being able to buy everything you want, whenever you want it." -Tamara Ecclestone
"Pride, avarice, and envy are in every home." -Thornton Wilder
"There is so much that must be done in a civilized barbarism like war." -Amelia Earhart
"I want to create a little chaos and make people's heads turn." -Scott Caan
"Man is most nearly himself when he achieves the seriousness of a child at play." -Heraclitus
"It does not require many words to speak the truth." -Chief Joseph
"A trusty comrade is always of use; and a chronicler still more so." -Arthur Conan Doyle
"I don't aspire to be like other drivers - I aspire to be unique in my own way." -Lewis Hamilton
"War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength." -George Orwell
"I try to get them to remember that they're not just athletes, but student-athletes." -Earl Campbell
"We ask ourselves, 'Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous?' Actually, who are you not to be?" -Marianne Williamson
"If Tyranny and Oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy." -James Madison
"People die from typewriters falling on their heads." -Jonathan Davis
"Put your consumers in focus, and listen to what they're actually saying, not what they tell you." -Daniel Ek
"I want to do a record with Monica Lewinsky." -Luther Campbell
"Failure is a part of success." -Hank Aaron
"Friendship has always belonged to the core of my spiritual journey." -Henri Nouwen
"When I was a kid, it was a huge insult to be a geek. Now it's a point of pride in a weird way." -J. J. Abrams
"As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do." -Andrew Carnegie
"I've always been in love with Howard McGillen's voice, ever since I got wind of him." -Christine Ebersole
"Thank you for sending me a copy of your book - I'll waste no time reading it." -Moses Hadas
"I find that the acting's getting easier - with experience, everything is more instinctual." -Ewan McGregor
"There is no such thing as an underestimate of average intelligence." -Henry Adams
"The price of inaction is far greater than the cost of making a mistake." -Meister Eckhart
"Jessica Lange in Frances... was dramatic and passionate and one of the strongest performances I've seen a woman do." -Sherilyn Fenn
"Growing up, I wasn't an athlete or anything like that. The only place I felt like I belonged was in the theater." -Bobby Cannavale
"We need not destroy the past. It is gone." -John Cage
"All good writing is swimming under water and holding your breath." -F. Scott Fitzgerald
"I have gotten used to working in the dark and I dig it." -Jorge Garcia
"For I mean to roam and think and make great irons red-hot." -Knut Hamsun
"There are no instant solutions." -James Callaghan
"They who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night." -Edgar Allan Poe
"If a man is truly in love, the most beautiful woman in the world couldn't take him away. Maybe for a few days, but not forever." -Eva Gabor
"Always do everything you ask of those you command." -George S. Patton
"I don't do comedy so much although I would like to do a comedy." -Aaron Eckhart
"I always wanted to make aliens that looked like '60s aliens." -Rick Baker
"You want to keep intelligence separate from policy." -Bobby Ray Inman
"Life is like a ten speed bicycle. Most of us have gears we never use." -Charles M. Schulz
"I'm convinced from what I know of Vernon Bundy that his testimony was truthful." -Jim Garrison
"It might be, it could be... it is! A home run!" -Harry Caray
"Being a princess isn't all it's cracked up to be." -Princess Diana
"I have no fear of losing my life - if I have to save a koala or a crocodile or a kangaroo or a snake, mate, I will save it." -Steve Irwin
"The 20th century was a test bed for big ideas - fascism, communism, the atomic bomb." -P. J. O'Rourke
"My potential is more than can be expressed within the bounds of my race or ethnic identity." -Arthur Ashe
"I am just an ordinary Catholic." -Maggie Gallagher
"The state of law is equal for all people. It cannot depend on electoral politics." -Baltasar Garzon
"I will be a model prisoner, as I have been a model citizen." -Edwin Edwards
"I believe they talked of me, for they laughed consumedly." -George Farquhar
"Empires inevitably fall, and when they do, history judges them for the legacies they leave behind." -Noah Feldman
"Drama is not hard for me. It just didn't seem hard." -Jenna Elfman
"If I had to give a definition of capitalism I would say: the process whereby American girls turn into American women." -Christopher Hampton
"Two points that are very important points to remember and ask: Is it real and does it work?" -Edward T. Hall
"I have hope in people, in individuals. Because you don't know what's going to rise from the ruins." -Joan Baez
"France has been very good for me. It has given me a very worldly-cool attitude." -Marianne Faithfull
"Raising children is an uncertain thing; success is reached only after a life of battle and worry." -Democritus
"Acting is a nice childish profession - pretending you're someone else and, at the same time, selling yourself." -Katharine Hepburn
"The poor are the only consistent altruists; they sell all they have and give it to the rich." -Holbrook Jackson
"It does not pay a prophet to be too specific." -L. Sprague de Camp
"For me, the discovery of aquaporins was like a gift after 25 years in basic science." -Peter Agre
"A man who would not love his father's grave is worse than a wild animal." -Chief Joseph
"Why do they call it rush hour when nothing moves?" -Robin Williams
"I've always wanted to make sure people are okay, ever since I was a little girl." -Amanda Abbington
"The best revenge is massive success." -Frank Sinatra
"It's a strange world of language in which skating on thin ice can get you into hot water." -Franklin P. Jones
"I'm demanding to be prosecuted. I'm begging to be prosecuted for perjury." -George Galloway
"I'd love to be the political voice of my generation, but that's not my gift." -Anita Baker
"Sometimes I am two people. Johnny is the nice one. Cash causes all the trouble. They fight." -Johnny Cash
"I think maybe I was a shepherdess in a past life." -Vera Farmiga
"Everything was magnificent so far, even if I knew my part of dramas." -Jacky Ickx
"Never give up. Laugh a lot. Be good to others." -James Dashner
"Basically, I'm for anything that gets you through the night - be it prayer, tranquilizers or a bottle of Jack Daniels." -Frank Sinatra
"Critics have a job to do. They do not criticise you without reason." -Abhishek Bachchan
"I'm waiting for the time when I fail - because we all fail - and I'm ready, I'll take up carpentry." -Adrian Edmondson
"I'm not one of those people who says, 'I never read reviews,' because I don't believe those people." -Marvin Hamlisch
"And remember: without you, all we are is loud. No pressure." -Vivian Campbell
"Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow." -Helen Keller
"First of all, writing at best - certainly fiction writing - more and more I think is magic." -Kathy Acker
"Millions of Indians are brimming with energy." -Rahul Gandhi
"Just Cavalli for Her is a flowery and sexy fragrance. I like its freshness and feminine scent." -Georgia May Jagger
"I like the 'Moth' podcast a lot. I listen to that." -Gillian Jacobs
"I seldom go into a natural history museum without feeling as if I were attending a funeral." -John Burroughs
"Sometimes people fear the truth. They'd rather not speak to you than know what you really think." -Paloma Faith
"A brand is a voice and a product is a souvenir." -Lisa Gansky
"I never took guitar lessons. I took classical piano lessons from the age of six when we lived in Holland." -Eddie Van Halen
"Historically, terrorism falls in a category different from crimes that concern a criminal court judge." -Jurgen Habermas
"I was dying but suddenly had a second chance at living." -Shelley Fabares
"In politics, the people I most despise are those who have no values." -Diane Abbott
"If you were to ask me what I want to do - I don't want to be a celebrity, I want to make a difference." -Lady Gaga
"I like a teacher who gives you something to take home to think about besides homework." -Lily Tomlin
"Hope is generally a wrong guide, though it is very good company by the way." -E. F. L. Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax
"The stage is where I feel most comfortable, and I miss it all the time." -Victor Garber
"I literally hate working out." -Olivia Munn
"Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see." -Arthur Schopenhauer
"A leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone." -Henry A. Kissinger
"Forgive, son; men are men; they needs must err." -Euripides
"It's a good thing that beauty is only skin deep, or I'd be rotten to the core." -Phyllis Diller
"Every life is march from innocence, through temptation, to virtue or vice." -Lyman Abbott
"Saving a letter from an old friend doesn't exist anymore. Everything is texted or emailed." -James Caan
"With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts." -Eleanor Roosevelt
"Everybody has goals, aspirations or whatever, and everybody has been at a point in their life where nobody believed in them." -Eminem
"If you look at the history of presidential memorials, it takes a long time to get them done." -Susan Eisenhower
"I grew up as an only child." -Mitchell Baker
"I prefer the word 'homemaker' because 'housewife' always implies that there may be a wife someplace else." -Bella Abzug
"Compassion is not weakness, and concern for the unfortunate is not socialism." -Hubert H. Humphrey
"There is science, logic, reason; there is thought verified by experience. And then there is California." -Edward Abbey
"In an earthquake, I shouldn't run out of the house - I should run into it." -Tony Danza
"Don't confuse fame with success. Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other." -Erma Bombeck
"You can learn many things from children. How much patience you have, for instance." -Franklin P. Jones
"I'm always working on concepts and ideas for the future." -Perry Farrell
"The good is, like nature, an immense landscape in which man advances through centuries of exploration." -Jose Ortega y Gasset
"I have always viewed my role as a sort of ambassador or bridge between groups to help provide a dialog." -Joichi Ito
"Friendships in childhood are usually a matter of chance, whereas in adolescence they are most often a matter of choice." -David Elkind
"There are not enough jails, not enough police, not enough courts to enforce a law not supported by the people." -Hubert H. Humphrey
"I don't look at fashion shows on the internet because it's too flat." -Stefano Gabbana
"I never took any vocal training." -Marvin Hamlisch
"There are fewer and fewer new roles for actresses as they get older. And that's not right." -Michelle Fairley
"I have a Lab, it's fun to hang out and hike with the dog, people come up to him, and pet him, it's fun." -George Eads
"I had a high-flying career. Never wanted to get married. All I wanted to do was have some fun." -Cindy Gallop
"You must plan to be spontaneous." -David Hockney
"It takes as much energy to wish as it does to plan." -Eleanor Roosevelt
"Courage is heartworth making itself felt in deeds. It never waits for chances; it makes chances." -George Matthew Adams
"Being flirty is a way of letting a guy know you're interested without making a fool out of yourself." -Carmen Electra
"Cats and monkeys; monkeys and cats; all human life is there." -Henry James
"The good die young, because they see it's no use living if you have got to be good." -John Barrymore
"Don't appear so scholarly, pray. Humanize your talk, and speak to be understood." -Moliere
"My mom was diagnosed with breast cancer when I was 13 and it was something we weren't really aware of as a family." -Rima Fakih
"I tend to curse in French more often than I do in English." -Alexa Davalos
"I felt the power of God as I'd never felt it before." -James Irwin
"We may be personally defeated, but our principles never!" -William Lloyd Garrison
"It is a mistake to think you can solve any major problems just with potatoes." -Douglas Adams
"Nobody's more mindful of the sacrifices of our troops than those of us that command them." -John Abizaid
"Healing is a moral thing to do." -Jay Inslee
"I assume the body language no matter what in doing voiceover. There is a transformative aspect." -Jennifer Hale
"Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings, so that you shall gain easily what others have labored hard for." -Socrates
"Americanism is not a matter of skin or color." -Daniel Inouye
"But this will not do, God will certainly punish you for stealing and for being unfaithful." -Jupiter Hammon
"I don't particularly want to smear myself into a hillside." -Richard Hammond
"I've always maintained that the problem in India is that we only give credit to big contributions." -Gautam Gambhir
"Actors are always looking for the eyes of the other actors because you need help and you need connection." -Javier Camara
"Nobody lives forever and I've had a blessed life." -Bob Feller
"My secret vice is Sudoku puzzles. Can't stop playing them. My parents are accountants. I blame them entirely." -Lisa Gardner
"I think if you have a good night's sleep, you can take on the world." -Tamsin Egerton
"The moving finger writes, and having written moves on. Nor all thy piety nor all thy wit, can cancel half a line of it." -Omar Khayyam
"Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out." -Anton Chekhov
"A man paints with his brains and not with his hands." -Michelangelo
"So, two cheers for Democracy: one because it admits variety and two because it permits criticism." -E. M. Forster
"A lot of actors find it impossible not to ask for the audience's sympathy. They have a need to twinkle." -Julian Fellowes
"None are so eager to gain new experience as those who don't know how to make use of the old ones." -Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
"I have built my organization upon fear." -Al Capone
"Men talk about art, and artists make art, but should artists talk?" -Leos Carax
"Do some selfless service for people who are in need. Consider the whole picture, not just our little selves." -Nina Hagen
"I don't see pitches down the middle anymore - not even in batting practice." -Hank Aaron
"The true republic: men, their rights and nothing more; women, their rights and nothing less." -Franklin Pierce Adams
"What passes for woman's intuition is often nothing more than man's transparency." -George Jean Nathan
"I'd been shouting and shouting and no-one wanted to hear me." -Brenda Fassie
"I was a very serious young man, very committed to saving the world." -Samuel Dash
"I want to be alone." -Greta Garbo
"I like people and I like them to like me, but I wear my heart where God put it, on the inside." -F. Scott Fitzgerald
"Professional politicians are busy looking out for their jobs. Send me to Congress so I can look out for your job." -Robert J. Garagiola
"You're either too fat or too thin. You just can't win." -Natalie Imbruglia
"I basically only read books that are over 2,000 years old." -Hans-Georg Gadamer
"A family on the throne is an interesting idea. It brings down the pride of sovereignty to the level of petty life." -Walter Bagehot
"Practical politics consists in ignoring facts." -Henry Adams
"In science, the credit goes to the man who convinces the world, not to whom the idea first occurs." -Francis Darwin
"My dad has more sparkly stuff than most men." -Georgia Jagger
"And the separatist terrorist organization, PKK, had easy access to Turkey to, inside Turkey." -Bulent Ecevit
"I was always the girl who had that baby face." -Jessica Capshaw
"I like to do things in which I'm playing someone else entirely." -Brett Davern
"By the late '80s, I was already giving up on rap music." -Chuck Eddy
"You cannot expect soldiers to change people's minds. That has to be done in other ways." -Mike Jackson
"Make up your mind to act decidedly and take the consequences. No good is ever done in this world by hesitation." -Thomas Huxley
"My mother is a professor of early childhood education. When I was two she would say she knew I was going to be an actor." -Matt Damon
"Thank God I'm an atheist." -Luis Bunuel
"Music is an agreeable harmony for the honor of God and the permissible delights of the soul." -Johann Sebastian Bach
"To start with, for example this year, 2004, is the bicentennial of Haitian independence." -Edwidge Danticat
"I have an assistant in Vancouver to help me with my life." -Megan Gallagher
"I don't want to be lumped into any categories." -Corey Feldman
"Those who seek happiness miss it, and those who discuss it, lack it." -Holbrook Jackson
"There was a Republican majority of the Senate, and it tempered the nature of the nominations being made." -Spencer Abraham
"Contentment is, after all, simply refined indolence." -Thomas Chandler Haliburton
"Wisdom is not wisdom when it is derived from books alone." -Horace
"Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one." -Oscar Wilde
"Theater is a way to keep challenging myself." -Patrick J. Adams
"After all is said and done, more is said than done." -Aesop
"People who say that the Internet is the bubble are incredibly misguided." -James Daly
"The Whole Wide World is the first movie I've ever produced." -Vincent D'Onofrio
"The only real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes." -Marcel Proust
"Any society where it's a crime or a hassle to be different is a society based on psychological fascism." -David Icke
"From a very young age, stories fuelled my imagination in the most wonderful way." -Hayley Atwell
"Discrimination has a lot of layers that make it tough for minorities to get a leg up." -Bill Gates
"I have done no wrong but the zealots are trying to attack me because I am so critical of them." -Sunil Gangopadhyay
"Nothing builds self-esteem and self-confidence like accomplishment." -Thomas Carlyle
"Foreign policy is really domestic policy with its hat on." -Hubert H. Humphrey
"I find that whoever you are as a person is how you're gonna fight, and every basic instinct kind of comes out at that moment." -Gina Carano
"I was always attracted by the European way of life, but I am deeply Swedish." -Lasse Hallstrom
"Records have images. There are wet records and dry records. And big records." -Art Garfunkel
"Well, you can't trust most people in this game, period; it can be a very shady business." -Marvin Hagler
"Art is often valuable precisely because it isn't a sensible way to make money." -Adam Davidson
"Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before." -Mae West
"I have said many times that Iran is a state sponsor of terrorism." -Chuck Hagel
"A little learning, indeed, may be a dangerous thing, but the want of learning is a calamity to any people." -Frederick Douglass
"Life is what happens while you are busy making other plans." -John Lennon
"I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed." -Michael Jordan
"Get off your horse and drink your milk." -John Wayne
"Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature's delight." -Marcus Aurelius
"Never was anything great achieved without danger." -Niccolo Machiavelli
"I love stories about people that, whatever situation they're in, you can relate to them in a way." -Alexandra Daddario
"I'm not always the most diplomatic person." -Roger Daltrey
"Nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public." -H. L. Mencken
"I want to be the strongest player in the world and score a lot of goals. To do that, I have to improve in every area." -Mario Balotelli
"They tend to lay dormant for a while but often come back, and then the cheques come in!" -Thayer David
"We are a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants." -Bob Inglis
"Love is anterior to life, posterior to death, initial of creation, and the exponent of breath." -Emily Dickinson
"True merit, like a river, the deeper it is, the less noise it makes." -E. F. L. Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax
"There is no rule that says a footballer needs to be 'this high' and 'this wide.'" -Andres Iniesta
"I get paid all day, every day, which is almost too much for a sensitive artist." -Samuel L. Jackson
"God continues to work miracles in my life." -Willie Aames
"If any civilization is to survive, it is the morality of altruism that men have to reject." -Ayn Rand
"You may not know it, but at the far end of despair, there is a white clearing where one is almost happy." -Joan Baez
"Economic issues are just as much moral issues as social issues." -Jonathan Haidt
"Nobody knows enough, but many know too much." -Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
"Reading is important." -John Garfield
"I've never been an optimist." -Joan Baez
"My valleys are higher than most people's peaks. I stay at that level." -Dan Gable
"When you come to a fork in the road, take it." -Yogi Berra
"A lot of bands whine about the road and how tough it is." -Dimebag Darrell
"Comedians sometimes forget that there's an audience. You gotta be conscious that you're performing for other human beings." -Jeff Garlin
"I want to make the world a better place, for women, mainly." -Clare Balding
"I've said it once and I'll say it a a hundred times, I'm forty-four years old." -Satchel Paige
"I'd rather have huge success and huge failures than travel in the middle of the road." -Kevyn Aucoin
"I suppose I would still be a communicator, maybe a musician." -Conrad Hall
"Poverty must not be a bar to learning and learning must offer an escape from poverty." -Lyndon B. Johnson
"This is the first time in my life I've ever been happy, not completely happy, but happier than I've ever been." -LaToya Jackson
"Review your goals twice every day in order to be focused on achieving them." -Les Brown
"If your only goal is to become rich, you will never achieve it." -John D. Rockefeller
"Robert Benchley has a style that is weak and lies down frequently to rest." -Max Eastman
"No one on this Earth knows how old I am." -Minnesota Fats
"The way that I got involved with microtonal music was, frankly, through jazz." -John Eaton
"My personal style is ever changing." -India de Beaufort
"Without a revolutionary theory there cannot be a revolutionary movement." -Vladimir Lenin
"If I even lose my glasses or make a mistake. I become really disappointed in myself." -Kenny G
"Because I just like sports, I like athletics and I like competition." -Trishelle Cannatella
"Moderation is the secret of survival." -Manly Hall
"Not having children is one less worry. Children are a worry!" -Jeanne Calment
"And so figure skating was a great vehicle for me to kind of be competitive at something, without having to be big." -Scott Hamilton
"Is it faith to understand nothing, and merely submit your convictions implicitly to the Church?" -John Calvin
"The only safety for the conquered is to expect no safety." -Virgil
"The show has boundaries right now we're trying to widen them not break them." -George Eads
"God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well." -Voltaire
"All great change in America begins at the dinner table." -Ronald Reagan
"Let's reintroduce corporal punishment in the schools - and use it on the teachers." -P. J. O'Rourke
"At last I perceive that in revolutions the supreme power rests with the most abandoned." -Georges Jacques Danton
"I don't care if people think I'm gay. I know I'm not, so it doesn't bother me." -Adam Garcia
"I've never looked at a suburban building as being a minor building and an urban building as being a major building." -Helmut Jahn
"Perfect freedom is as necessary to the health and vigor of commerce as it is to the health and vigor of citizenship." -Patrick Henry
"Don't blame Wall Street, don't blame the big banks. If you don't have a job and you are not rich, blame yourself!" -Herman Cain
"I don't understand leggings. They were the worst trend of the '80s." -Jason Earles
"I was very lucky, I was part of the post-war period when everything had to be redone." -Pierre Cardin
"God gave you a gift of 86,400 seconds today. Have you used one to say 'thank you?'" -William Arthur Ward
"For me, architecture is the means, not the end. It's a means of making different life forms possible." -Bjarke Ingels
"It's time to debate images, especially when someone's going to prison for downloading them." -David Hockney
"Practice meditation regularly. Meditation leads to eternal bliss. Therefore meditate, meditate." -Swami Sivananda
"Honestly, I think a good film is spiritual, regardless of whether its subject is faith." -Vera Farmiga
"If you go too soon, you can come unstuck with 50m left when the guys are going past you." -Michael East
"I think as Christians we have to sponsor a national Lighten-Up Day." -Willie Aames
"Nothing is over and done with. Nothing. Not even your malice." -Jack Henry Abbott
"I do like to have fun. I don't need alcohol to have fun." -Rima Fakih
"I was starving before I hit Journey. Very, very rough times...I didn't know where the next pay check was gonna come." -Jonathan Cain
"Recovery is something that you have to work on every single day and it's something that it doesn't get a day off." -Demi Lovato
"Blogs are a great way to monitor and even participate in the chatter about your new site." -Mike Davidson
"I'll be damned if I want most folks out there to do unto me what they do unto themselves." -Toni Cade Bambara
"Adolescence as the time when an individual 'recapitulates' the savage stage of the race's past." -G. Stanley Hall
"It's an actor's job to play all the human conditions - light, dark, and medium." -Tim Daly
"Many of the engineers I interviewed worked on reverse-engineering technology. It's a hallmark of Area 51." -Annie Jacobsen
"I don't want to be one of those guys where I go there and wait a long time before I become a starter." -Freddy Adu
"I mean, the problem is, I think I'm a great writer." -Aaron Eckhart
"There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is having lots to do and not doing it." -Andrew Jackson
"I have tried lately to read Shakespeare, and found it so intolerably dull that it nauseated me." -Charles Darwin
"Success is getting and achieving what you want. Happiness is wanting and being content with what you get." -Bernard Meltzer
"There is an immeasurable distance between late and too late." -Og Mandino
"When a place advertises itself as 'World Famous,' you may be sure it isn't." -Herb Caen
"A goal without a plan is just a wish." -Larry Elder
"Self-esteem is made up primarily of two things: feeling lovable and feeling capable." -Jack Canfield
"A civil servant doesn't make jokes." -Eugene Ionesco
"Many models do yoga, but I find it boring. I'd rather be outdoors having fun." -Constance Jablonski
"Where all is but dream, reasoning and arguments are of no use, truth and knowledge nothing." -John Locke
"I fear debt. I don't like being indebted to banks. I have a rule in life that I will get it when I can afford it." -Vir Das
"The client is not always right." -Enzo Ferrari
"An apology? Bah! Disgusting! Cowardly! Beneath the dignity of any gentleman, however wrong he might be." -Steve Martin
"Spirit is the real and eternal; matter is the unreal and temporal." -Mary Baker Eddy
"By one Spirit we are all baptised into one body." -John Nelson Darby
"I've always tried to work hard. I'm not trying to show anybody up or do something spectacular for attention." -Roy Halladay
"Sometimes the truth hurts. And sometimes it feels real good." -Henry Rollins
"When one door is closed, don't you know, another is open." -Bob Marley
"I hate getting bored." -Edward Hall
"On a low-budget film, you don't have all the luxuries." -Lukas Haas
"If I could I would always work in silence and obscurity, and let my efforts be known by their results." -Emily Bronte
"A woman's beauty is one of her great missions." -Richard Le Gallienne
"Playing gives me as much good feeling now as it did when I was a bitty kid." -Lionel Hampton
"I've built my homeland, I've even founded my state - in my language." -Mahmoud Darwish
"Why, sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast." -Lewis Carroll
"I'm probably better known for boxing with Hemingway than for anything I've written." -Morley Callaghan
"We're trying to reinvent Bond. He's 28 - no Q, no gadgets." -Paul Haggis
"The countenance is the portrait of the soul, and the eyes mark its intentions." -Marcus Tullius Cicero
"I am whatever you say I am; if I wasn't, then why would you say I am." -Eminem
"Prejudice is a great time saver. You can form opinions without having to get the facts." -E. B. White
"Openly speaking, the only formula that will save Greece's future is more trade with Turkey and more investment with Turkey." -Ali Babacan
"I know there is much mystery, much question to what happened, and I must also say, many lies." -Jennifer Capriati
"Kindness in women, not their beauteous looks, shall win my love." -Washington Irving
"No weapon formed against me shall prosper." -Fred Hammond
"Sir, my concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right." -Abraham Lincoln
"If I gain support, the support doesn't seem to mean anything. It's not like anyone really cares about me." -Vincent Gallo
"Let us dig our furrow in the fields of the commonplace." -Jean Henri Fabre
"God is a God of the present. God is always in the moment, be that moment hard or easy, joyful and painful." -Henri Nouwen
"Correcting bad habits cannot be done by forbidding or punishment." -Robert Baden-Powell
"You don't have to be a political genius to sniff the smell of blood in the water." -Rich Galen
"I am starting to explore directing, maybe in the future in the world of 'White Collar.'" -Willie Garson
"I did 'Bridge to Terabithia' when I was around 6 years old, but for my first movie, I was 5." -Bailee Madison
"We are happy when for everything inside us there is a corresponding something outside us." -William Butler Yeats
"Texts are always in flux." -Robert Darnton
"Tolerance implies no lack of commitment to one's own beliefs. Rather it condemns the oppression or persecution of others." -John F. Kennedy
"Success in any endeavor depends on the degree to which it is an expression of your true self." -Ralph Marston
"To know nothing is the happiest life." -Desiderius Erasmus
"Women want mediocre men, and men are working to be as mediocre as possible." -Margaret Mead
"The salvation of the elect was as certain before His advent, though accomplished by it, as afterwards." -John Nelson Darby
"The joy about the recording is that you are your own boss. You don't have a director telling you how to do it." -Jim Dale
"I would like to direct." -Aaron Eckhart
"Truth is a tendency." -R. Buckminster Fuller
"All good art is an indiscretion." -Tennessee Williams
"Power does not corrupt. Fear corrupts... perhaps the fear of a loss of power." -John Steinbeck
"Old soldiers never die; they just fade away." -Douglas MacArthur
"I must lose myself in action, lest I wither in despair." -Alfred Lord Tennyson
"The flowering of love is meditation." -Jiddu Krishnamurti
"Sometimes people have a difficult time understanding my English." -Julio Iglesias
"Everything matters. Time is precious." -Jessica Hagedorn
"My family is from Nigeria, and my full name is Uzoamaka, which means 'The road is good.'" -Uzo Aduba
"Scream was great for what it was. For a horror film, it was intelligent, it was funny, it took a laugh at itself." -Neve Campbell
"Studies have shown that children are less likely to wake up to a horn than the sound of a mother's voice." -Tony Fadell
"This was not an act of terrorism, but it was an act of war." -George W. Bush
"At Harvard I was in charge of the comparative anatomy labs." -Robert T. Bakker
"I'm an underdog person, so I align myself with those who seem to be not considered valuable in polite society." -Jessica Hagedorn
"Without knowing what I am and why I am here, life is impossible." -Leo Tolstoy
"So fear helps me from making mistakes, but I make lot of mistakes." -Steve Irwin
"There are more active volcanoes beneath the sea than on land by two orders of magnitude." -Robert Ballard
"A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work." -Colin Powell
"His acting remains forever fixed in a time that never dates." -Vincent Canby
"I love collections of things, but always in moderation." -Sandy Gallin
"I don't really care that much about being a matinee idol." -Casey Affleck
"To be running away from explosions with Harrison Ford, you know, that's pretty great." -Paul Dano
"Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken." -Warren Buffett
"Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others." -Marcus Tullius Cicero
"Always remember that the future comes one day at a time." -Dean Acheson
"I've got to win every race." -Dale Earnhardt
"I think everybody has to kind of decide what the word 'jazz' means to them, and that's fine." -Kenny G
"You can get help from teachers, but you are going to have to learn a lot by yourself, sitting alone in a room." -Dr. Seuss
"As I go back and listen, the other girls weren't singing quite like I was." -Wanda Jackson
"People can have rhinoceros skin, but there's a point when something's going to hurt you." -Janet Jackson
"Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city." -George Burns
"Nobody likes tainted victories." -Steve Prefontaine
"The person who gives you your first job is so important in any industry." -Christopher Eccleston
"The factories were heavily bombed, but practically the construction work had been redone very quickly." -Gianni Agnelli
"Fortitude is the marshal of thought, the armor of the will, and the fort of reason." -Francis Bacon
"The aim of education is the knowledge, not of facts, but of values." -William S. Burroughs
"Wherever you are - be all there." -Jim Elliot
"Comedy comes from confusion." -Vir Das
"Writing stories is the habit of lying put to good use." -Julianna Baggott
"Bondage is - subjection to external influences and internal negative thoughts and attitudes." -W. Clement Stone
"The last person they expected to connect with a screenplay was the comedic, blonde actress with the funny voice." -Joey Lauren Adams
"You know what it's like having five kids? Imagine you're drowning. And someone hands you a baby." -Jim Gaffigan
"Toughness doesn't have to come in a pinstripe suit." -Dianne Feinstein
"As a rule, men worry more about what they can't see than about what they can." -Julius Caesar
"Press on. Obstacles are seldom the same size tomorrow as they are today." -Robert H. Schuller
"I can see clearly now... that I was wrong in not acting more decisively and more forthrightly in dealing with Watergate." -Richard M. Nixon
"The silliest woman can manage a clever man; but it needs a very clever woman to manage a fool." -Rudyard Kipling
"I can't be smug, because I know that you can lose anything at any point. And I can't be angry, because I haven't lost it." -Michael J. Fox
"Friendship is the source of the greatest pleasures, and without friends even the most agreeable pursuits become tedious." -Thomas Aquinas
"There are no extraordinary men... just extraordinary circumstances that ordinary men are forced to deal with." -William Halsey
"Music is the universal language of mankind." -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"I went to military college in Canada and graduated as an officer in the Navy but also as an engineer." -Marc Garneau
"The relationship between a client must be 'we.'" -Billy Baldwin
"Summer bachelors, like summer breezes, are never as cool as they pretend to be." -Nora Ephron
"I can only approach things indirectly, or I can't approach them at all." -Michael Feldman
"I am drawn to intimate, often uncomfortable portraits of a woman persevering and awakening." -Vera Farmiga
"About guns, about hunting, it's safe to say I know nothing. The last gun I fired was a musket at Boy Scout camp." -Rosecrans Baldwin
"If we survive danger it steels our courage more than anything else." -Reinhold Niebuhr
"The worst thing in the world is to be tired." -Britt Ekland
"It is by going down into the abyss that we recover the treasures of life. Where you stumble, there lies your treasure." -Joseph Campbell
"I do know where I'm going and it's just a matter of finding the language to get there." -John Irving
"Sometimes love is stronger than a man's convictions." -Isaac Bashevis Singer
"Culture is the habit of being pleased with the best and knowing why." -Henry Van Dyke
"There is nothing wrong in using people. The success never uses people except to their advantage." -Mark Caine
"Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!" -Dr. Seuss
"Paris ain't much of a town." -Babe Ruth
"Life is a work in progress." -Jeff Rich
"I rocked the cradle of love." -Billy Idol
"Anxiety is the hand maiden of creativity." -T. S. Eliot
"Anytime you put yourself in a creative box, it's going to stifle you; it's not conducive to the writing or recording process." -Frank Iero
"I think that women are underrepresented behind the camera as directors." -Nina Jacobson
"I fell in love with Boston, so hopefully, I'll be here for a long time." -Johnny Damon
"Baseball is ninety percent mental and the other half is physical." -Yogi Berra
"Seventy-five percent of MS sufferers are women." -Teri Garr
"Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort." -Franklin D. Roosevelt
"All business proceeds on beliefs, or judgements of probabilities, and not on certainties." -Charles William Eliot
"Hope is a waking dream." -Aristotle
"It is with deep regret that the determination to assemble Parliament has been so long delayed." -Henry Addington
"Investors have to ask themselves two questions. How much can we grow our investments? And, can we afford our mistakes?" -Mohamed El-Erian
"I was in love with a beautiful blonde once. She drove me to drink. That's the one thing I'm indebted to her for." -W. C. Fields
"I looked at Mick Jagger and Keith Richards and the boys up there thinking, I want to be that." -Sammy Hagar
"Justice delayed is justice denied." -William E. Gladstone
"This play is truly a great invention, and we're having a great time doing it eight times a week." -Bill Irwin
"Every moment is a golden one for him who has the vision to recognize it as such." -Henry Miller
"The mind of the performer is a very strange thing." -James Galway
"There's no learning without trying lots of ideas and failing lots of times." -Jonathan Ive
"I've succeeded at everything except my life." -Serge Gainsbourg
"Save for the wild force of Nature, nothing moves in this world that is not Greek in its origin." -John Acton
"I love Brooklyn; it's a part of who you are." -Paul Dano
"A gift, with a kind countenance, is a double present." -Thomas Fuller
"So many limits in Catholic high school! I'm not a bad Catholic, but everything was off-limits." -Ryan Eggold
"War against a foreign country only happens when the moneyed classes think they are going to profit from it." -George Orwell
"I live in Brooklyn." -Ana Gasteyer
"Beauty surrounds us, but usually we need to be walking in a garden to know it." -Rumi
"When you see an Alexander McQueen fashion show, you are taken on a journey. It's surreal." -Josephine de La Baume
"Indeed, whenever a new idea is developed, as for example ballooning, warfare immediately takes possession." -Fredrik Bajer
"Honest people don't hide their deeds." -Emily Bronte
"I've never really considered myself just a street artist. I consider myself a populist." -Shepard Fairey
"For me, reading was always the great escape without getting your fingers burnt." -Geri Halliwell
"I was a devil in other countries, and I was a little devil in America, too." -Josephine Baker
"I was born in Westchester, NY. I grew up around the Rye Brook area, and then I moved to White Plains with my family." -Jennifer Damiano
"Being an All-Star is everything." -Allen Iverson
"Think 100 times before you take a decision, But once that decision is taken, stand by it as one man." -Muhammad Ali Jinnah
"I don't use the phrase 'I love you' very often, but I say it every time I talk to my children." -George Hamilton
"You have to lose yourself to find yourself." -Willem Dafoe
"I tell you, we are here on Earth to fart around, and don't let anybody tell you different." -Kurt Vonnegut
"Freedom means you are unobstructed in living your life as you choose. Anything less is a form of slavery." -Wayne Dyer
"Sandwich every bit of criticism between two layers of praise." -Mary Kay Ash
"That's the dirty little secret of Mormon growth. Lots of baptisms don't necessarily translate into long-term membership." -David Campbell
"I believe I have a personal responsibility to make a positive impact on society." -Anthony Fauci
"Being a lad is what I'm about." -Liam Gallagher
"And when you look at the Turtle's movie there is something there, definitely something there." -Eddie Campbell
"Courage is fire, and bullying is smoke." -Benjamin Disraeli
"I do not want my new works to be generated in a market or audience of any kind." -Vincent Gallo
"'The Economist' is a biased organization." -Ali Babacan
"When other little girls wanted to be ballet dancers I kind of wanted to be a vampire." -Angelina Jolie
"I keep things pretty simple." -Chris Isaak
"Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love." -Charles M. Schulz
"No one can possibly know what is about to happen: it is happening, each time, for the first time, for the only time." -James A. Baldwin
"We all know pain doesn't exist without some coexisting depression." -Jerry Hall
"If I can do one hundredth part for the Indian that Mrs. Stowe did for the Negro, I will be thankful." -Helen Hunt Jackson
"The only disability in life is a bad attitude." -Scott Hamilton
"If I was on a third or fourth line I would probably be in the NHL, because you don't have to produce every night." -Jaromir Jagr
"I've always found that the speed of the boss is the speed of the team." -Lee Iacocca
"Unless we remember we cannot understand." -E. M. Forster
"I did 'Little Dorrit' a few years ago; I really love doing period dramas. It's stuff like that I really enjoy watching." -Arthur Darvill
"It's impossible to redefine yourself and your life overnight." -Christina Aguilera
"Venice is like eating an entire box of chocolate liqueurs in one go." -Truman Capote
"I go back and forth between wanting to be abundantly simple and maddeningly complex." -John Baldessari
"On immigration, there are a lot of hurdles before anything arrives at the White House." -Gwen Ifill
"There are over 100 entities in the federal government that have something to do with homeland security." -Andrew Card
"I do feel we have several great keepers on this team. We just need to get them that experience." -Lorrie Fair
"Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly." -Epictetus
"I think people like to see a little larceny in their heroes." -James Garner
"You have to feel that music. You just can't play it sterilely." -Tito Jackson
"Black and white players hadn't appeared together in public before Teddy Wilson and I began working with B.G." -Lionel Hampton
"I am a very committed wife. And I should be committed too - for being married so many times." -Elizabeth Taylor
"I own a mortgage company and a real estate company funded by the music. Florida is a kinda gold mine." -Vanilla Ice
"When it comes to life the critical thing is whether you take things for granted or take them with gratitude." -Gilbert K. Chesterton
"I would love to write a mystery - a romantic, funny mystery." -Cecelia Ahern
"I don't want to wait more than a year and a half or two years between books." -Max Cannon
"I don't pay any attention to what the 'Baltimore Sun' editorial page says about anything." -Bob Ehrlich
"There is no schedule in the film industry. It's not like you have a 9 to 5 job every day." -Jodelle Ferland
"Growing up in the streets of Bed-Stuy, it was hard, yo." -The Notorious B.I.G.
"My dad is often horrified by what I've spent my money on." -Tamara Ecclestone
"The only difference between me and a madman is that I'm not mad." -Salvador Dali
"No one ever became great except through many and great mistakes." -William E. Gladstone
"A good laugh is sunshine in the house." -William Makepeace Thackeray
"I am in Toronto, shooting a movie for NBC." -Paula Abdul
"Breath mints and Chapstick are key if you want to have a good kiss." -Brett Davern
"The greater part of our happiness or misery depends on our dispositions and not our circumstances." -Martha Washington
"God is to be worshipped as the one beloved, dearer than everything in this and next life." -Swami Vivekananda
"My tendency in life is to like movies that deal with heavy stuff, but it's my nature." -Hiam Abbass
"According to Goering and the Luftwaffe High Command, they were supposed to be the fighter elite." -Adolf Galland
"If you win all the time, you lose the drama in life. To make the happy moments happy, you need the sad moments too." -Doug Davidson
"Perhaps it would be better for science, that all criticism should be avowed." -Charles Babbage
"When short guys start working out to bulk up. I like muscles, but I don't like really buff guys." -Nicole Eggert
"Try, try, try, and keep on trying is the rule that must be followed to become an expert in anything." -W. Clement Stone
"When you have nobody you can make a cup of tea for, when nobody needs you, that's when I think life is over." -Audrey Hepburn
"Together we can face any challenges as deep as the ocean and as high as the sky." -Sonia Gandhi
"I haven't any sort of plans for the future but I reckon things will work out in some manner." -Dashiell Hammett
"We need to continue to decrease the growth rate of the global population; the planet can't support many more people." -Nina Fedoroff
"We all have our secrets. We all have our vulnerabilities." -Brett Dalton
"If you're curious, London's an amazing place." -David Bailey
"We Bosniaks would for sure fight for integrity of Bosnia." -Alija Izetbegovic
"People are more naturally protective of what they create than of what they consume." -Mitchell Baker
"All, everything that I understand, I understand only because I love." -Leo Tolstoy
"Ninety-nine percent of who you are is invisible and untouchable." -R. Buckminster Fuller
"You never know what's going to play into what's worthy of getting encapsulated into a song." -Feist
"Nobody criticizes the 'Mighty Ducks' trilogy and gets away with it. Nobody!" -Joshua Jackson
"I give the fight up: let there be an end, a privacy, an obscure nook for me. I want to be forgotten even by God." -Robert Browning
"Always end the name of your child with a vowel, so that when you yell the name will carry." -Bill Cosby
"One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain." -Bob Marley
"Theater and sports are connected. You've got your team - or ensemble - your goal and your determination to win." -Kevin Daniels
"Confidence in others' honesty is no light testimony of one's own integrity." -Michel de Montaigne
"A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something." -Frank Capra
"I am not struck so much by the diversity of testimony as by the many-sidedness of truth." -Stanley Baldwin
"I would make a poor vegetarian because I adore meat." -Britt Ekland
"Education, housing and hospitals are the most important things for society." -Zaha Hadid
"I always need a couple of highlights to really spark the passion for a project." -Lasse Hallstrom
"I think that one of the strangest things about being an actor is, it's almost freelance work." -Paul Dano
"Love is the beauty of the soul." -Saint Augustine
"I just enjoy the ride while I have it." -Jorge Garcia
"You don't have to hold onto the pain to hold onto the memory." -Janet Jackson
"I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else." -John Keats
"You can sightread better if you know your scales and arpeggios." -James Galway
"I think the most important thing about coaching is that you have to have a sense of confidence about what you're doing." -Phil Jackson
"Always carry a flagon of whiskey in case of snakebite and furthermore always carry a small snake." -W. C. Fields
"To tell you the truth, I never listen to opera at home." -Lesley Garrett
"For fast-acting relief try slowing down." -Lily Tomlin
"Sometimes you ask God for something and you don't know what you're asking." -Mahalia Jackson
"A cute outfit can really make your day. If I wear something I look good in, my mood just goes way up." -Jennette McCurdy
"I regard you with an indifference closely bordering on aversion." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"Turkey shares Europe's fundamental values of democracy and the rule of law." -Ali Babacan
"If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite." -William Blake
"If you keep saying things are going to be bad, you have a good chance of being a prophet." -Isaac Bashevis Singer
"I think a lot of people want to be remembered the way they were, as opposed to the way they are now." -Bryan Adams
"I feel like I have to top myself every film I do, and it gets hard." -Rick Baker
"The fact that Eddie Vedder likes to play 3 hour plus shows a night, I have to be ready for that." -Matt Cameron
"I have to make rock records occasionally." -Evan Dando
"I'm writing a book. I've got the page numbers done." -Steven Wright
"English should be our official language. Reading and speaking English are requirements to become a citizen." -Ernest Istook
"It is dangerous to be right in matters on which the established authorities are wrong." -Voltaire
"I would make tea for Joni Mitchell or clean her car, anything to be in the studio and watch her work." -Sheena Easton
"The worst advice I ever received from my dad was to play by the book." -Dimebag Darrell
"I am one of the founders of Hip-Hop along with my brothers Kool DJ Herc and Grandmaster Flash." -Afrika Bambaataa
"Get the habit of analysis - analysis will in time enable synthesis to become your habit of mind." -Frank Lloyd Wright
"After a century of studying schizophrenia, the cause of the disorder remains unknown." -Thomas R. Insel
"I was very happy sitting alone at a dining room table, writing a script." -Conrad Hall
"A good writer is basically a story teller, not a scholar or a redeemer of mankind." -Isaac Bashevis Singer
"If we were faultless we should not be so much annoyed by the defects of those with whom we associate." -Francois Fenelon
"We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light." -Plato
"No babies for me until I'm in my 30s! I'm focused on my career right now. I can't even take care of my dog." -Chanel Iman
"I have a constant sweet tooth, so I like anything from the bakery, like cupcakes, cookies." -Carmen Electra
"Wear a smile and have friends; wear a scowl and have wrinkles." -George Eliot
"Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom." -Thomas Jefferson
"If you have a great passion it seems that the logical thing is to see the fruit of it, and the fruit are children." -Roman Polanski
"I definitely have a fear of spiders. Don't we want to embrace our fears?" -Christa Campbell
"Every building is a prototype. No two are alike." -Helmut Jahn
"I slept and dreamt that life was joy. I awoke and saw that life was service. I acted and behold, service was joy." -Rabindranath Tagore
"Well, there are other aspects, I still command very good support in the party." -Abdullah Ahmad Badawi
"I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by." -Douglas Adams
"Luck is believing you're lucky." -Tennessee Williams
"The lunch in a normal American restaurant is very problematic for me. I don't like to have hot food for lunch." -Larry David
"In order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision." -Dalai Lama
"We need to appreciate how precious life is." -Shelley Fabares
"But I mean, again, Zappa's far more musical than the Bonzos ever were." -Neil Innes
"Napster was predicating its business model on violation of copyright." -Dan Farmer
"I've played four characters now, my latest one being Sandor the gypsy." -Thayer David
"Now the identification of individual sounds by phonetic observation is an artificial way of proceeding." -Roman Jakobson
"Because modeling is lucrative, I'm able to save up and be more particular about the acting roles I take." -Kathy Ireland
"You can be still and still moving. Content even in your discontent." -Ram Dass
"I won't go to England because they won't let my dog in." -Uta Hagen
"An evening dress that reveals a woman's ankles while walking is the most disgusting thing I have ever seen." -Valentino Garavani
"I'm quite a curious person. I don't mind being the one who doesn't know things, a role I often play in QI." -Alan Davies
"You have to love the guy that you play, even if you play the villain, you've got to love him." -Andy Garcia
"Being born again means you have a new concept of yourself." -Dyan Cannon
"Don't just stand there, idiot. Call a doctor, and then help me find a nose." -Blake Edwards
"I'm not painting myself as a down-home, modest guy." -Colin Farrell
"Rock on out." -Janis Joplin
"It is also said of me that I now and then contradict myself. Yes, I improve wonderfully as time goes on." -George Jean Nathan
"I've been through it all, baby, I'm mother courage." -Elizabeth Taylor
"There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning." -Christopher Morley
"There is no avoiding war; it can only be postponed to the advantage of others." -Niccolo Machiavelli
"My father taught me not to overthink things, that nothing will ever be perfect, so just keep moving and do your best." -Scott Eastwood
"In utter loneliness a writer tries to explain the inexplicable." -John Steinbeck
"By all standards, except for 'Star Trek' standards, 98 episodes of any television show is a wildly successful run." -Scott Bakula
"I believe in a higher power. I believe in inspiration." -Janet Jackson
"In architecture the idea degenerated. Design allows a more direct and pleasurable route." -Charles Eames
"Our national drug is alcohol. We tend to regard the use any other drug with special horror." -William S. Burroughs
"Everyone spends their lives trying to balance their world between good and evil." -Laurell K. Hamilton
"Ladies and gentleman, I've suffered for my music, now it's your turn." -Neil Innes
"Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night." -William Blake
"Thousands of present day students, like many of our Founding Fathers, are being taught at home." -Ernest Istook
"I worked at all kinds of jobs, mostly commercial editing." -Marilyn Hacker
"I like marriage. I feel very secure. It helps when you are in love with the person you are married to." -Claire Danes
"Sometimes I can spend as long revising a manuscript as I spent writing it in the first place." -Margaret Haddix
"The production of too many useful things results in too many useless people." -Karl Marx
"The petitioner's problem is to avoid Scylla without being drawn into Charybdis." -Robert Jackson
"It is beyond a doubt that all our knowledge begins with experience." -Immanuel Kant
"At 19, you know everything; by the time you're 40, you haven't got a clue." -Hugh Bonneville
"A woman's mind is cleaner than a man's: She changes it more often." -Oliver Herford
"If you go to Hollywood, you've already sold out." -Bruce Campbell
"As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death." -Leonardo da Vinci
"Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom." -Francis Bacon
"Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free." -Paul Tillich
"When I was very young I knew that I wanted to be in show business. I knew that I wanted to be an entertainer." -Kat Edmonson
"The only thing that's in my control is to win ballgames and God is always taking care of me." -Dusty Baker
"The past nine years in San Diego have represented such a period of questioning." -Brian Ferneyhough
"I hated school. Even to this day, when I see a school bus it's just depressing to me. The poor little kids." -Dolly Parton
"Ethics is nothing else than reverence for life." -Albert Schweitzer
"I'm not a movie guy, I'm not a TV sitcom guy, but whatever seems to fit and is funny is good for me." -Dave Attell
"We were a fast-growing company, and I was a demanding boss." -Bernard Ebbers
"Too much makeup on an older woman can really make you look like a freak." -Julianne Moore
"With random urinalysis, there's a clear choice - either get high or go to jail." -Brian Baird
"So, I have the responsibility of making sure that HUD functions and runs well." -Alphonso Jackson
"Never, never rest contented with any circle of ideas, but always be certain that a wider one is still possible." -Pearl Bailey
"The economy of human time is the next advantage of machinery in manufactures." -Charles Babbage
"Deep experience is never peaceful." -Henry James
"It's about the music and that's it. I'm not an entertainer. But I do entertain people, see what I mean?" -Liam Gallagher
"It's a kind of spiritual snobbery that makes people think they can be happy without money." -Albert Camus
"Poetry is man's rebellion against being what he is." -James Branch Cabell
"Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit." -Napoleon Hill
"I would like to be a scholar in whatever I do, a scholar is never finished, he is always seeking and I am always seeking." -Ahmad Jamal
"I found I had the ability to do comedy. My timing was really inborn." -Yvonne De Carlo
"The first step in the evolution of ethics is a sense of solidarity with other human beings." -Albert Schweitzer
"When I admire the wonders of a sunset or the beauty of the moon, my soul expands in the worship of the creator." -Mahatma Gandhi
"We must interpret a bad temper as a sign of inferiority." -Alfred Adler
"I'd like to continue doing movies, clubs, concert halls and television. I like something about each one." -Tommy Davidson
"I look a lot like my father when he was my age." -Troy Garity
"There is no prejudice that the work of art does not finally overcome." -Andre Gide
"If I see a roll of Bubble Tape, a bag of Haribo Gold-Bears or a pouch of green-apple Big League Chew, I'm eleven again." -Rosecrans Baldwin
"Nature is infinitely creative. It is always producing the possibility of new beginnings." -Marianne Williamson
"You know, I think that people give you back what you gave them. I try to be... as I am." -Pierfrancesco Favino
"Even from a listening end now, I'm still completely a fan of music." -James Iha
"Any guy in his right mind would die to play Batman." -Jensen Ackles
"Follow your heart and make it your decision." -Mia Hamm
"We don't really understand most of what's happening in the cosmos. Is there any afterlife? Who knows." -David Eagleman
"I believe in local control of education." -Russ Feingold
"We work because it's a chain reaction, each subject leads to the next." -Charles Eames
"Information is a negotiator's greatest weapon." -Victor Kiam
"All you can do is the best you can do." -Paula Abdul
"I deeply regret any harm, or any perceived harm, that I may have done to anyone by any behaviour of mine." -Alice Walker
"It's funny what a few no-hitters do for a body." -Satchel Paige
"Climate change is crap." -Tony Abbott
"Of all the things a body loves, predictability is one of them." -David Agus
"I make no conscious effort to be tough, or hard-boiled, or grim, or any of the things I am usually called." -James M. Cain
"I really want to play Princess Leia. Stick some big pastries on my head. Now that would be interesting." -Ewan McGregor
"Perseverance, secret of all triumphs." -Victor Hugo
"When I was a boy the Dead Sea was only sick." -George Burns
"I've had journalists beg me to please say something negative about my estate." -Freema Agyeman
"The moment in between what you once were, and who you are now becoming, is where the dance of life really takes place." -Barbara de Angelis
"I'm really into food; it's one of my favourite things - everything from potato waffles to lobster." -Paloma Faith
"My lab and academic work fill my day from about 9 am to 7 p.m. Then I zoom out the lens to work on my other writing." -David Eagleman
"My whole career I've been interested by the distinction between an emotional and an intellectual response to an artwork." -Janet Echelman
"I want to do a musical movie. Like Evita, but with good music." -Glenda Jackson
"It's exciting for me to be home in California where I'm from and to be working with Victoria's Secret." -Lindsay Ellingson
"When we are flat on our backs there is no way to look but up." -Roger Babson
"Time is the scarcest resource and unless it is managed nothing else can be managed." -Peter Drucker
"I always try to make the music that I like and think my fans will like." -Alan Jackson
"Nothing can bring a real sense of security into the home except true love." -Billy Graham
"In our era, the road to holiness necessarily passes through the world of action." -Robert Green Ingersoll
"I love having my birthday at Australia Zoo." -Bindi Irwin
"I don't think it's by accident that I was first attracted to translating two French women poets." -Marilyn Hacker
"I love to play tennis. I play a lot in the summer. I'm not a big golfer; I need something a bit more intense." -Carl Hagelin
"To be loved is a strength. To love is a weakness." -Zsa Zsa Gabor
"No man should marry until he has studied anatomy and dissected at least one woman." -Honore de Balzac
"I always say the greats just get better." -Randy Jackson
"My mom came from such humble beginnings and especially my dad as well. He didn't go to university." -Petra Ecclestone
"I was lucky enough to get to see guys like Bugs Henderson, Jimmy Wallace, all those great Texas blues players." -Dimebag Darrell
"There's a civic nationalism in Britain and dozens of other countries." -Michael Ignatieff
"A smile is a curve that sets everything straight." -Phyllis Diller
"The year was 2081, and everyone was finally equal." -Kurt Vonnegut
"I love 'The Office' format so much that I wanted to close it out." -Greg Daniels
"I believe in discipline, so I'm not the right person to cry about weakness and things like this, but maybe I'm not human." -John Galliano
"The more laws, the less justice." -Marcus Tullius Cicero
"They say actions speak louder than words, but actions don't speak. People speak, and people are loud." -Jennette McCurdy
"It is almost always the cover-up rather than the event that causes trouble." -Howard Baker
"Someone has said that nations have interests, they don't have friends, and you see that over and over in U.S. policy." -Edwidge Danticat
"The healthy man does not torture others - generally it is the tortured who turn into torturers." -Carl Jung
"'None of Your Business.' It's the only Salt-N-Pepa song that I regret." -Cheryl James
"A true photograph need not be explained, nor can it be contained in words." -Ansel Adams
"When I ask for help with my creativity, I get it." -Julia Cameron
"Without democracy there is no freedom. Violence, no matter who is using it, is always reactionary." -Friedrich Ebert
"In some circumstances, the refusal to be defeated is a refusal to be educated." -Margaret Halsey
"The Scriptures were written, not to make us astronomers, but to make us saints." -Matthew Henry
"And, after all, what is a lie? 'Tis but the truth in a masquerade." -Alexander Pope
"I'm not allowed to celebrate as normal eighteen year olds probably would but I'm going to save it for after the Olympics!" -Tom Daley
"I want to do television, film, music and designing. I want to do it all!" -Chanel Iman
"Life comes with many challenges. The ones that should not scare us are the ones we can take on and take control of." -Angelina Jolie
"If not shown appreciation, it gets to you." -Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
"I don't necessarily want people to know all my intimate feelings about Tracey." -Kenneth Edmonds
"A new era in the physiological investigation of linguistic sounds was opened up by X-ray photography." -Roman Jakobson
"Fools are my theme, let satire be my song." -Lord Byron
"I do what I want. It's because I got booed and picked on that I really don't care anymore." -B.o.B
"I'm a supporter of Israel, always have been." -Chuck Hagel
"I want to be the coolest aunt in the entire world." -Bailee Madison
"But unfortunately, I have to say, one out of every 100 interviews I do, I get a real journalist." -Glenn Danzig
"Suffer fools gladly; they may be right." -Holbrook Jackson
"But I was sure of one thing. If God were a father, with children, that cleanliness I had been feeling wasn't God." -Frances Farmer
"Never fight an inanimate object." -P. J. O'Rourke
"When you start a new project, you wonder whether it's the right choice." -Jamie Bamber
"He who is obsessed by death is made guilty by it." -Elias Canetti
"All I was doing was trying to get home from work." -Rosa Parks
"I love originating shows and originating songs - there is nothing better than being the first one to get to do a song." -Liz Callaway
"I am attracted to characters who think they are in control, but their situation is uncontrollable." -Eric Bana
"I love watching American League games, you know what I mean?" -Dusty Baker
"An objection is not a rejection; it is simply a request for more information." -Bo Bennett
"I don't use deodorant. If you drink enough water, you shouldn't have to. I think I smell pretty good without it." -Simon Baker
"My father always used to say that when you die, if you've got five real friends, then you've had a great life." -Lee Iacocca
"Government and culture are two diametrically opposed forces - the one blinds and oppresses, the other uplifts and unites." -Chuck D
"I realize how talented our hair and wardrobe people are every time I have to get dressed on my own." -Jon Hamm
"The more ways we have to connect, the more many of us seem desperate to unplug." -Pico Iyer
"I am only interested in the ideas that become obsessive and make me feel uneasy. The ideas that I'm afraid of." -Marina Abramovic
"Where there is no struggle, there is no strength." -Oprah Winfrey
"Money just draws flies." -Mahalia Jackson
"First love is a kind of vaccination which saves a man from catching the complaint the second time." -Honore de Balzac
"Most of my work consisted of crossing out. Crossing out was the secret of all good writing." -Mark Haddon
"There is a point at which methods devour themselves." -Frantz Fanon
"When you don't educate the people, you're crippling them. You are, you're not giving them ways to survive." -Emmanuel Jal
"I do realise how incredibly lucky I am." -Hugh Bonneville
"It infuriates me to be wrong when I know I'm right." -Moliere
"I live and die by puns." -Feist
"Praise undeserved, is satire in disguise." -Alexander Pope
"The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money." -Thomas Jefferson
"Originality is undetected plagiarism." -William Ralph Inge
"It is not important what Rahul Gandhi thinks, its important what a billion Indians think." -Rahul Gandhi
"'Ugly Betty' taught me everything about fashion." -Mark Indelicato
"When sparrows build and the leaves break forth, My old sorrow wakes and cries." -Jean Ingelow
"I grew up near King's Cross station in London, living in an apartment block where my dad was a caretaker." -Phil Daniels
"Shape your heart to front the hour, but dream not that the hours will last." -Alfred Lord Tennyson
"Those who are at war with others are not at peace with themselves." -William Hazlitt
"Belief in the supernatural reflects a failure of the imagination." -Edward Abbey
"Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure." -Confucius
"When there is state there can be no freedom, but when there is freedom there will be no state." -Vladimir Lenin
"I've always known I would be a success, but I was surprised at the way it came." -Eva Gabor
"We want the best actor, and that's why Matt Damon worked so well in this role, because he's a great actor." -Bobby Farrelly
"Until 1956, America treated Israel not much differently from other friendly states." -George Ball
"No religion can long continue to maintain its purity when the church becomes the subservient vassal of the state." -Felix Adler
"I love supernatural stuff. 'Battlestar Galactica' was my favorite show." -Janina Gavankar
"Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning." -Benjamin Franklin
"We can get rid of red tape." -Charlie Daniels
"Good scientists will fight the system rather than learn to work with the system." -Richard Hamming
"Fortune favors the audacious." -Desiderius Erasmus
"I speak the truth not so much as I would, but as much as I dare, and I dare a little more as I grow older." -Michel de Montaigne
"Games have has as much an impact on Hollywood filmmaking as MTV music videos did." -Bruce Feirstein
"I was a fine arts major in college, and a painter for many years. And I found that, like writing, art is very similar." -Kami Garcia
"For Ripley I learned to play some songs on the piano, and I never really played them again." -Matt Damon
"Your best is going to change from moment to moment; it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick." -Miguel Angel Ruiz
"No, I regret nothing, all I regret is having been born, dying is such a long tiresome business I always found." -Samuel Beckett
"The only difference between me and those other great Yankees is my skin color." -Reggie Jackson
"Casual drug users should be taken out and shot." -Daryl Gates
"The best time to plan a book is while you're doing the dishes." -Agatha Christie
"No good fish goes anywhere without a porpoise." -Lewis Carroll
"People are people, and they want to know about their own experiences." -John Edward
"Every job leaves its residue, a bit of extra knowledge, a new skill-set." -Joel Edgerton
"Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal." -Albert Camus
"Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade." -Leo Buscaglia
"My father was, like, the token bad white guy in all the old Jackie Chan/Bruce Lee films." -Celina Jade
"When you leave the planet, you leave music behind." -Alex Van Halen
"I'm a victim of maybe circumstances, but look at how it worked out." -Jessica Hahn
"A small town is a place where there's no place to go where you shouldn't." -Burt Bacharach
"I want the audience to be so involved in the sweep of the music." -John Eaton
"Change is always happening. That's one of the wonderful things about jazz music." -Maynard Ferguson
"I think women love to read love stories." -E. L. James
"The military never uses a full word if they can create an abbreviation." -Philip Hammond
"I always wondered why somebody doesn't do something about that. Then I realized I was somebody." -Lily Tomlin
"I've never been in the music industry, only acting." -Victoria Jackson
"Faith is a passionate intuition." -William Wordsworth
"Be yourself. The world worships the original." -Ingrid Bergman
"We can't allow domestic violence to become a campaign issue." -Sandy Adams
"You know, anyone who invites me to do something makes me feel special." -Marvin Hamlisch
"I believe I was extremely greedy." -Andrew Fastow
"No day is alike, nor should it be." -Donna Edwards
"Things are going to get a lot worse before they get worse." -Lily Tomlin
"The biggest challenge, I think for any new artist, is patience." -Brett Eldredge
"The U.K. needs more first class studio space to encourage the growth of the film and TV sector." -Eric Fellner
"If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain." -Emily Dickinson
"All my possessions for a moment of time." -Elizabeth I
"When the computer and tablets are all about playing games, that's not interesting to me." -Julianne Moore
"We are coming down from our pedestal and up from the laundry room." -Bella Abzug
"You had to make an appointment to see her. But it was just a crazy spectacle, people filing past." -Eddie Campbell
"For most of the track world, the Olympic year is such a huge year, and it's a big year for us marathoners too." -Ryan Hall
"Where ever I am I always find myself looking out the window wishing I was somewhere else." -Angelina Jolie
"Good luck is the willing handmaid of a upright and energetic character, and conscientious observance of duty." -James Russell Lowell
"Trying to manage diabetes is hard because if you don't, there are consequences you'll have to deal with later in life." -Bryan Adams
"Empathy is a tool for building people into groups, for allowing us to function as more than self-obsessed individuals." -Neil Gaiman
"Talking about music is like dancing about architecture." -Steve Martin
"Education is the investment our generation makes in the future." -Mitt Romney
"I love Alton Brown's show 'Good Eats,' about the chemistry of food. It's really thoughtful." -Ina Garten
"Being an artist means ceasing to take seriously that very serious person we are when we are not an artist." -Jose Ortega y Gasset
"Our black president can't say that he's for gay marriage. That is upsetting to me." -Mario Cantone
"Control of vibrato helps your musical expression." -James Galway
"I want to show that I'm a real teenager, not some fantasized Hollywood kid." -Mark Indelicato
"I've always wanted to be a fighter pilot. But I don't want to kill people. I'd hate to." -Max Irons
"Sensual pleasures have the fleeting brilliance of a comet; a happy marriage has the tranquillity of a lovely sunset." -Ann Landers
"It takes a long time to become young." -Pablo Picasso
"Mixing humour and harsh reality is a very human behaviour, it's the way people stay sane in their daily lives." -Jorge Garcia
"Presence is more than just being there." -Malcolm Forbes
"What millions died that Caesar might be great!" -Thomas Campbell
"None but himself can be his parallel." -Virgil
"There are two things in the painter, the eye and the mind; each of them should aid the other." -Paul Cezanne
"There are lots of people I admire and respect, but I don't necessarily want to be like them. I'm too happy being myself." -James D'arcy
"I'm still learnin'. I pick up something from every performer I watch." -Wanda Jackson
"There's no good idea that can't be improved on." -Michael Eisner
"Love is an energy which exists of itself. It is its own value." -Thornton Wilder
"Every person has a longing to be significant; to make a contribution; to be a part of something noble and purposeful." -John C. Maxwell
"Plans are nothing; planning is everything." -Dwight D. Eisenhower
"There's intense national feeling in America that could be called patriotism." -Michael Ignatieff
"I wasn't getting the responses I hoped for. You can't protect yourself from other judgments." -Charlotte Gainsbourg
"They can say I have an opinion about something." -Dan Abrams
"No legacy is so rich as honesty." -William Shakespeare
"When I started to write culinary mysteries, I did it because nobody was doing it anymore." -Diane Mott Davidson
"I had such an amazing experience on 'The Pillowman' that it was hard to think what else is going to live up to that." -Zeljko Ivanek
"But I still don't have a clear idea of what my voice is." -Kathy Acker
"Actors often behave like children, and so we're taken for children. I want to be grown up." -Jeremy Irons
"Sweet as sweetest Grecian honey will my song be when I sing, O Beloved, in the season of the Spring!" -Ruben Dario
"The German mind has a talent for making no mistakes but the very greatest." -Clifton Fadiman
"A friend is a gift you give yourself." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"In the city a funeral is just an interruption of traffic; in the country it is a form of popular entertainment." -George Ade
"The secret of my influence has always been that it remained secret." -Salvador Dali
"Let me be a free man - free to travel, free to stop, free to work." -Chief Joseph
"Sooner or later I'm going to die, but I'm not going to retire." -Margaret Mead
"I'm lucky to have met so many people who have been involved in peace and who have been peace prize winners." -Joan Baez
"An invitation to a wedding invokes more trouble than a summons to a police court." -William Feather
"You have to take risks." -Perry Farrell
"I did my New York debut at 21. It was 'On the Town' at the George Gershwin Theatre. New York is my artistic home." -Jesse Tyler Ferguson
"Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war." -Donald Trump
"No one has the right to detract the attention of the nation from the defence of the country." -Ivica Dacic
"To be a fashion critic is easy because you just say, 'I love it, I hate it,' but life is more than love and hate." -Alber Elbaz
"From the hour when the Puritan baby opened his eyes in bleak New England, he had a Spartan struggle for life." -Alice Morse Earle
"Everybody's youth is a dream, a form of chemical madness." -F. Scott Fitzgerald
"I think everybody's nuts." -Johnny Depp
"One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life." -E. M. Forster
"Snowboarding! I love it! Some of the best places to snowboard are Telluride and Park Cities, Utah." -Bridget Hall
"I feel old when I see mousse in my opponent's hair." -Andre Agassi
"We must dare, and dare again, and go on daring." -Georges Jacques Danton
"The way I see it, it doesn't matter what you believe just so you're sincere." -Charles M. Schulz
"I don't have a problem with Werner Herzog." -Abel Ferrara
"Most rich countries have reported increases in happiness as they become richer." -Adam Davidson
"American businesses deserve a federal government that doesn't stand in their way, not one that tries to chase them overseas." -Nikki Haley
"Well done is better than well said." -Benjamin Franklin
"When I do good, I feel good. When I do bad, I feel bad. That's my religion." -Abraham Lincoln
"I would not kill my enemies, but I will make them get down on their knees. I will, I can, I must." -Maria Callas
"In youth we learn; in age we understand." -Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
"My thing is this; if I'm sick enough to think it, then I'm sick enough to say it." -Eminem
"I think whether you're having setbacks or not, the role of a leader is to always display a winning attitude." -Colin Powell
"NBC's priorities are Jimmy Fallon and Jay Leno, and then there's me." -Carson Daly
"I think if you retire from touring then people think you are retired." -Alan Jackson
"I'm a normal kid, really. I just love to act." -Elle Fanning
"After college, I wanted to learned about myself as an American, so I left the United States and went to Japan." -Bruce Feiler
"Validation comes to us in two ways: through trials we overcome, and through the words of older men." -John Eldredge
"Don't shame the young for releasing their pent-up fear." -Julianna Baggott
"There is a strong tendency to get used to and accept very bad things that would be shocking if seen with fresh eyes." -Ray Dalio
"I've always been a big fan of time travel, and I'm very into the notion that some day we'll be able to do it. Beam me up!" -Scott Bakula
"I bought a little hideaway up north, so I'll ship my motorcycle up there. It's much less dangerous than West Hollywood." -Johnny Galecki
"I would've been a really big silent movie star." -Caitriona Balfe
"Jealousy contains more of self-love than of love." -Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"I like things in my hair - big feather pieces." -Kimberly Caldwell
"I don't feel right unless I have a sport to play or at least a way to work up a sweat." -Hank Aaron
"During the Koizumi administration, I served as the Deputy Chief Cabinet Secretary as well as the Chief Cabinet Secretary." -Shinzo Abe
"Faith is not belief. Belief is passive. Faith is active." -Edith Hamilton
"Sunlight is painting." -Nathaniel Hawthorne
"It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees." -Dolores Ibarruri
"I don't think I really invented anybody. I have drawn on real life." -Arthur Hailey
"Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant." -Horace
"A person should not be too honest. Straight trees are cut first and honest people are screwed first." -Chanakya
"I'm a lapsed Buddhist like I'm a lapsed Catholic. I take it to a point." -Abel Ferrara
"Great necessities call out great virtues." -Abigail Adams
"Well it's hard to remember who, but I drunk dial a lot." -Adam Garcia
"I think I'll always prefer theater to working in front of the camera. It seems a more distilled form of the craft." -Ryan Eggold
"I just don't want anyone messing around with my pure smoking pleasure." -Max Cannon
"Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless." -Thomas A. Edison
"Everybody's a complex person. Everybody. Everybody's nuanced." -Jack Abramoff
"Reason is not automatic. Those who deny it cannot be conquered by it. Do not count on them. Leave them alone." -Ayn Rand
"Give yourself something to work toward - constantly." -Mary Kay Ash
"I'm a very lazy, stay-at-home kind of girl." -Jerry Hall
"I don't believe that there are aliens. I believe there are really different people." -Orson Scott Card
"If you don't have a dream, how are you going to make a dream come true?" -Oscar Hammerstein
"I take a very practical view of raising children. I put a sign in each of their rooms: 'Checkout Time is 18 years.'" -Erma Bombeck
"We are not at war with Egypt. We are in an armed conflict." -Anthony Eden
"Books are my art. The movie is someone else's art. But it's great marketing for books." -Barry Eisler
"I love seeing my mom and my daughter embrace their natural hair. I'm glad I've embraced it, too." -Kimberly Elise
"Jacobean plays, before Shakespeare, were particularly visceral." -Christopher Eccleston
"Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worse kind of suffering." -Paulo Coelho
"Nothing is permanent in this wicked world - not even our troubles." -Charlie Chaplin
"I hope I never do anything to hurt baseball." -Home Run Baker
"None so deaf as those that will not hear. None so blind as those that will not see." -Matthew Henry
"The drama is a great revealer of life." -George Pierce Baker
"I'm a schoolteacher and a writer. So that's what I do." -Bruce Jackson
"Our best successes often come after our greatest disappointments." -Henry Ward Beecher
"Americans are so dedicated to their jobs." -Jamelia
"Nuclear power is not a miracle key for the future." -Tarja Halonen
"Also, if you want to reach people, theatre is not always the best way to do it." -Harvey Fierstein
"Fiction is the truth inside the lie." -Stephen King
"Success is the child of drudgery and perseverance. It cannot be coaxed or bribed; pay the price and it is yours." -Orison Swett Marden
"Feminism's agenda is basic: It asks that women not be forced to choose between public justice and private happiness." -Susan Faludi
"We'd hold a chord for three hours if we could." -John Cale
"People tend to view history as if it were another planet and think the modern world was invented in 1963. I don't agree." -Julian Fellowes
"I'm not confused. I'm just well mixed." -Robert Frost
"There are two sides to every issue: one side is right and the other is wrong, but the middle is always evil." -Ayn Rand
"Where there is no vision, there is no hope." -George Washington Carver
"Friends are the siblings God never gave us." -Mencius
"Now I know what a statesman is; he's a dead politician. We need more statesmen." -Bob Edwards
"The time I burned my guitar it was like a sacrifice. You sacrifice the things you love. I love my guitar." -Jimi Hendrix
"Well, I didn't know how to draw very well back then, in the '40s and '50s." -Lawrence Ferlinghetti
"We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid." -Benjamin Franklin
"I'm not a professional; I lack even basic knowledge about writing music." -Ayumi Hamasaki
"Fact is, inventing an innovative business model is often mostly a matter of serendipity." -Gary Hamel
"I think that obstacles lead to growth and ultimately, the most learning I've done in my life is between jobs." -Anthony Michael Hall
"By all means let's be open-minded, but not so open-minded that our brains drop out." -Richard Dawkins
"You're on earth. There's no cure for that." -Samuel Beckett
"I am quite a spendthrift but just being careful because my family was not rich, was not a rich family." -Abdullah Ahmad Badawi
"I don't know what the future holds. I just try to do roles that I haven't done before." -Peter Facinelli
"My whole deal when I do accents or dialects is I gotta fool the locals. If I fool the locals then I've done my job." -Brion James
"I find it kind of disturbing when people cheer when someone just gets stabbed brutally." -Rick Baker
"A cantor, when he starts singing, it's like rain - once it starts, it's hard to stop." -Sholom Aleichem
"It's just something that's sort of funny, sort of not." -Max Cannon
"Always try to maintain complete tolerance and always make an effort to give people more than they expect." -Scott Hamilton
"Politics, as a practice, whatever its profession, has always been the systematic organization of hatreds." -Brooks Adams
"When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way." -Wayne Dyer
"I'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart." -e. e. cummings
"I always get the 'goth girl' thing because I wear black. But I don't worship death." -Fairuza Balk
"Government cannot and must not replace private initiative." -Kim Campbell
"I think daily that the country's future is being thrown to the wind." -Edwidge Danticat
"From the first moment I handled my lens with a tender ardour." -Julia Margaret Cameron
"I didn't want to miss out on my education to model. I can't do just modeling." -Georgia Jagger
"I've never been able to predict the future of anything." -Bob Edwards
"We want everybody to act like adults, quit playing games, realize that it's not just my way or the highway." -Barack Obama
"I'm a serial monogamist." -Kate Bosworth
"India has the opportunity to be a leader in genetic engineering, It has institutions that no other country has." -Nina Fedoroff
"I simply can't believe nice communities release effluents." -William Hamilton
"Seeing reality for what it is is what we call discernment. The work of discernment is very hard." -Lewis B. Smedes
"Our 'neoconservatives' are neither new nor conservative, but old as Bablyon and evil as Hell." -Edward Abbey
"I'm writing a movie about Mozart going to New York in the '60s. I've been reading so many novels." -John Cale
"I come from a family where gravy is considered a beverage." -Erma Bombeck
"I was on a train of lies. I couldn't jump off." -Clifford Irving
"The promise given was a necessity of the past: the word broken is a necessity of the present." -Niccolo Machiavelli
"Certainly I'm always willing to talk to anyone who's interested in talking to me!" -Jay R. Ferguson
"Look what Disney's done to their animation department. There wasn't an animator in charge of their animation unit!" -Ralph Bakshi
"The greatest education in the world is watching the masters at work." -Michael Jackson
"Kindness and a generous spirit go a long way. And a sense of humor. It's like medicine - very healing." -Max Irons
"If my closet were burning, it'd be my collection of jackets I would save - they always make me feel pulled-together." -Nina Garcia
"If I get a bad review, I don't take it personally because everyone is entitled to their opinion." -Gareth Gates
"We never fail when we try to do our duty, we always fail when we neglect to do it." -Robert Baden-Powell
"I have never planned to have babies by a certain age." -Natalie Imbruglia
"I race kind of sparingly." -Ryan Hall
"We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us." -A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
"Always keep your portfolio and your risk at your own individual comfortable sleeping point." -Mario Gabelli
"When those waiters ask me if I want some fresh ground pepper, I ask if they have any aged pepper." -Andy Rooney
"I have had much to learn from Sweden's poetry and, more especially, from her lyrics of the last generation." -Knut Hamsun
"I still have to work on my weight and some of my other demons." -Chris Farley
"I drilled holes in the floor of the club, and it's sinking." -Bobby Darin
"If my mind can conceive it, and my heart can believe it, I know I can achieve it." -Jesse Jackson
"The only one who is alive today and still being talked about is Pierre Cardin." -Pierre Cardin
"I like a lot of different kinds of music. I like strong projects, big music." -James Iha
"Pure drawing is an abstraction. Drawing and colour are not distinct, everything in nature is coloured." -Paul Cezanne
"In the '90s, guitar solos were dead." -Chris Daughtry
"If you act scared, your body produces adrenaline." -Rebecca Hall
"Make it your habit not to be critical about small things." -Edward Everett Hale
"A child's kiss is magic. Why else would they be so stingy with them?" -Harvey Fierstein
"I like to keep up with London theatre, but it is a question of time." -Charles Dance
"My whole philosophy is to broadcast the way a fan would broadcast." -Harry Caray
"When you write down your life, every page should contain something no one has ever heard about." -Elias Canetti
"The power to question is the basis of all human progress." -Indira Gandhi
"You watch yourself age and it's hard to feel like a sex symbol." -Idris Elba
"There's plenty of great independent films to do, but you can't support yourself making independent film as an actress." -Gaby Hoffmann
"If thou must love me, let it be for naught except for love's sake only." -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
"For me, the lame part of the Sixties was the political part, the social part. The real part was the spiritual part." -Jerry Garcia
"New York came after me aggressively and that's what sealed the deal." -Johnny Damon
"I know that I wouldn't mind going back to work if I could find the right script and the right crew to work with." -Mary Badham
"When a father gives to his son, both laugh; when a son gives to his father, both cry." -William Shakespeare
"I always keep a supply of stimulant handy in case I see a snake, which I also keep handy." -W. C. Fields
"I want to struggle and make films. It's not a financial thing, it's more of a who-I-am thing." -Scott Caan
"Hell is yourself and the only redemption is when a person puts himself aside to feel deeply for another person." -Tennessee Williams
"He that cannot reason is a fool. He that will not is a bigot. He that dare not is a slave." -Andrew Carnegie
"You know, I was a school rebel. Whatever they said do, I didn't do. I was totally anti-everything." -Roger Daltrey
"Your joys and sorrows. You can never tell them. You cheapen the inside of yourself if you do tell them." -Greta Garbo
"Marriage, n: the state or condition of a community consisting of a master, a mistress, and two slaves, making in all, two." -Ambrose Bierce
"We will smite the Jews where we meet them and whoever goes along with them must take the consequences." -Arthur Seyss-Inquart
"The mind is like an iceberg, it floats with one-seventh of its bulk above water." -Sigmund Freud
"About morals, I know only that what is moral is what you feel good after and what is immoral is what you feel bad after." -Ernest Hemingway
"I love to see old women. I love wrinkles. I love gray hair." -Alber Elbaz
"No one owns you. One hundred per cent of the stock in your personal corporation belongs to you." -George Matthew Adams
"Would I lay down my life to save my brother? No, but I would to save two brothers or eight cousins." -John B. S. Haldane
"Without game, men prey on each other." -Perry Farrell
"My favorite actresses are Cameron Diaz, Julia Roberts and Julie Andrews." -Dakota Fanning
"I love doing comedy." -Hugh Bonneville
"Whoever you are, you will not write this book. I can tell you nothing. Do not call me again. Ever." -Roberto Calvi
"It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult." -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"Women need real moments of solitude and self-reflection to balance out how much of ourselves we give away." -Barbara de Angelis
"The success my children have had has helped me immensely. I've showed them a certain respect for this career." -Julio Iglesias
"Don't be afraid of missing opportunities. Behind every failure is an opportunity somebody wishes they had missed." -Lily Tomlin
"He was living in an age much more dangerous, more painful, much more on the edge than our own particular age." -Derek Jacobi
"My father wouldn't get us a TV, he wouldn't allow a TV in the house." -Janis Joplin
"I'm no superman." -Michael Irvin
"The state is in danger of falling into disrepute due to the evidence of its inadequate resources." -Jurgen Habermas
"Common sense is instinct, and enough of it is genius." -Josh Billings
"I'm often called obsessive, but I don't think I am any more than anyone else." -Nicholson Baker
"I never really thought of myself as depressed so much as paralyzed by hope." -Maria Bamford
"I was willing to do anything that Chris Carter wrote." -Megan Gallagher
"I always believe that the sky is the beginning of the limit." -MC Hammer
"If something is easy to repair, it is easy to construct." -Leo Fender
"If dogs could talk, perhaps we would find it as hard to get along with them as we do with people." -Karel Capek
"I don't worry about the things I can't change." -Ferran Adria
"Our insignificance is often the cause of our safety." -Aesop
"It is not only fine feathers that make fine birds." -Aesop
"Our democracy poses problems and these problems must and shall be solved by courageous leadership." -Charles Edison
"I think the one person that has the most influence on me is the Lord." -Melky Cabrera
"Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock." -John Barrymore
"I hold theatre acting in such high esteem that it scares me." -Kate Bosworth
"Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding." -Albert Einstein
"Only the stupidest calves choose their own butcher." -Konrad Adenauer
"I'm not that interesting!" -Lindsay Davenport
"I am the best in baseball." -Reggie Jackson
"The big question is: When will the term structure of interest rates change? That's the question to be worried about." -Ray Dalio
"We had so much fun in Ghana and they are really lovely people." -Adrian Edmondson
"The media's gotten lazy. They don't check anything out. You report what he reports." -Gary Ackerman
"Isolation is a big part of songwriting." -Natalie Imbruglia
"If something can corrupt you, you're corrupted already." -Bob Marley
"There is no power in cynicism. There is no forward thrust in cynicism." -Jesse Jackson
"A will finds a way." -Orison Swett Marden
"I'm an accomplice to helping women get what they want." -John Galliano
"I always talk about my characters like they're real people." -Dakota Fanning
"The very idea of carrying my memory into eternity devastated me, and I took refuge in atheism." -Taylor Caldwell
"I like to go and do something adventurous. I like to go out and do some sort of crazy activity." -Zac Efron
"We live in a rainbow of chaos." -Paul Cezanne
"Opinion is the medium between knowledge and ignorance." -Plato
"I love being. There's so much wisdom in it. You wake up in the morning and you think, Hey, isn't it great just being?" -Gwyneth Paltrow
"As long as habit and routine dictate the pattern of living, new dimensions of the soul will not emerge." -Henry Van Dyke
"I certainly couldn't run a big country house, nor could I organize the greatest show on earth." -Hugh Bonneville
"As Governor of North Carolina for two terms, I made improving education a top priority." -Michael F. Easley
"It is our duty to be faithful, not with eye service as men pleasers." -Jupiter Hammon
"The greater the difficulty, the more the glory in surmounting it." -Epicurus
"Prayer is the spirit speaking truth to Truth." -Philip James Bailey
"I've missed a lot of trains in my life, and another one always comes." -Lapo Elkann
"It's better not to work than to work in something you don't want to be working in." -Andy Garcia
"All wealth is the product of labor." -John Locke
"There are many reasons for the decline in royal esteem. One is that so many of the royals are thick." -Alastair Campbell
"A lack of transparency results in distrust and a deep sense of insecurity." -Dalai Lama
"I don't believe in frontiers, and I don't believe in races or nationalities." -Julio Iglesias
"You know, I don't only play for the record books." -Roger Federer
"I'll take as much work as I can get. You can always need more work." -Jeff Garcia
"Sometimes, you get portrayed the way you don't want to be portrayed." -Gina Carano
"Simply put, investors should own less equities, more bonds, more global investments, more cash and more dry ammunition." -Mohamed El-Erian
"Aristotle uses a mother's love for her child as the prime example of love or friendship." -Mortimer Adler
"I never thought of myself as handsome." -Willie Aames
"I believe that, as long as there is plenty, poverty is evil." -Robert Kennedy
"Comedy can be a cathartic way to deal with personal trauma." -Robin Williams
"I believe that writing is derivative. I think good writing comes from good reading." -Charles Kuralt
"When a woman isn't beautiful, people always say, 'You have lovely eyes, you have lovely hair.'" -Anton Chekhov
"It is necessary to fall in love... if only to provide an alibi for all the random despair you are going to feel anyway." -Albert Camus
"Understanding can overcome any situation, however mysterious or insurmountable it may appear to be." -Norman Vincent Peale
"I would do nearly anything for a laugh, to tell the truth. And I'm a particular favourite with young men with earrings." -Celia Imrie
"I been a long time leaving but I'm going to be a long time gone." -Willie Nelson
"Two roads diverged in a wood and I - I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference." -Robert Frost
"For over 30 years, the IRA showed that the British government could not rule Ireland on its own terms." -Gerry Adams
"One of my favorite movies is 'Back to the Future'." -Holland Roden
"Free will is an illusion. People always choose the perceived path of greatest pleasure." -Scott Adams
"On the road, I weigh 168. At home, ten more." -Justin Townes Earle
"Before the American Revolution there were frequent slave uprisings, and a lot of people would run away." -Edward Ball
"I'd won the Australian Open twice, but winning Wimbledon takes something special." -Stefan Edberg
"It's very interesting to know what people are doing while you're working on late-night television." -Craig Ferguson
"I belong to quite a lot of learned societies. We collect firearms and discuss them at dinners and clubs and things." -Michael Gambon
"If you want to be perfect, go, sell your possessions and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven." -Jesus Christ
"I mean, money is a tool." -Jack Abramoff
"God blesses us all with different views and perspectives and levels of influence and power." -LL Cool J
"The most important thing for a young man is to establish a credit... a reputation, character." -John D. Rockefeller
"Go forth a conqueror and win great victories." -Virgil
"My mother-in-law had a pain beneath her left breast. Turned out to be a trick knee." -Phyllis Diller
"The purpose of our lives is to be happy." -Dalai Lama
"Flowers are restful to look at. They have neither emotions nor conflicts." -Sigmund Freud
"All ballplayers should quit when it starts to feel as if all the baselines run uphill." -Babe Ruth
"I still believe that 'No Smoking' is one of my best performances." -John Abraham
"The greatest thing you'll ever learn is to love and be loved, just to love and be loved." -Eden Ahbez
"I wanted to show that Martin Luther King was simply a human being, not a god, not a saint." -Ralph Abernathy
"Growing old is no more than a bad habit which a busy person has no time to form." -Andre Maurois
"To be a Negro in this country and to be relatively conscious is to be in a rage almost all the time." -James A. Baldwin
"I don't really drink very much, although I have abused alcohol in the past." -Daniel Baldwin
"Search others for their virtue, and yourself for your vices." -R. Buckminster Fuller
"It is a challenge to have your launch date slip continuously." -Marc Garneau
"When I'm good, I'm very good. But when I'm bad I'm better." -Mae West
"Jesus was nothing like I thought - He wasn't condemning. He was loving and leading." -Kathy Ireland
"I don't pay much attention to sports." -Jack Abramoff
"There's no present. There's only the immediate future and the recent past." -George Carlin
"Soho is a gritty former mercantile area that has, of course, evolved into the most bourgeois neighborhood in New York." -Andre Balazs
"You know those actors who have a sense for how they should be used? I don't think I have that." -Mark Hamill
"Most people don't think about plyometrics when they think about powerful strength. But I do lots of them to build mine." -Allyson Felix
"Success listens only to applause. To all else it is deaf." -Elias Canetti
"A little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest men." -Roald Dahl
"I think acting can be very frustrating, and there's no experience that doesn't make you a better actor." -Rebecca Hall
"Man is to man either a god or a wolf." -Desiderius Erasmus
"All I do, really, is go to work and try to be professional, be on time and be prepared." -Ben Affleck
"Everyone who goes to a job he doesn't like is a lot weirder than I am." -Patch Adams
"As far as post-'SNL' career, whatever kind of comes my way that looks interesting, I'll do it, you know?" -Bill Hader
"She was so small she could make mamba in a telephone booth." -Bill Haley
"One must always maintain one's connection to the past and yet ceaselessly pull away from it." -Gaston Bachelard
"A long habit of not thinking a thing wrong gives it a superficial appearance of being right." -Thomas Paine
"With people of limited ability modesty is merely honesty. But with those who possess great talent it is hypocrisy." -Arthur Schopenhauer
"I knew what could happen to my son if he was sent to the wrong school and got in with the wrong crowd." -Diane Abbott
"I'm a Christian, but I don't believe in religion or anything like that." -Vanilla Ice
"We need people who can actually do things. We have too many bosses and too few workers." -Andy Rooney
"You can't be distracted by the noise of misinformation." -James Daly
"There are enough no smoking places now." -David Hockney
"We still get those kind of cats coming out to our shows. Once you're into it, you're into it for a lifetime." -Dimebag Darrell
"I think that in order for music to be heard in a lot of different situations you have to always consider that." -Kenneth Edmonds
"I feel like God has forgiven me of so much, that I will forgive everyone who has hurt us." -Jim Bakker
"Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are." -Marianne Williamson
"I don't like to work with assistants. I'm already one too many; the camera alone would be enough." -Alfred Eisenstaedt
"As an actor, your life experience is just as important as studying." -Jane Badler
"It takes many good deeds to build a good reputation, and only one bad one to lose it." -Benjamin Franklin
"You don't live on the Earth you want, you live on the Earth you have." -Jeff Rich
"I've come to realize your career is all about the choices you make. Every single one matters." -Demi Lovato
"Freedom is hammered out on the anvil of discussion, dissent, and debate." -Hubert H. Humphrey
"Trying to sneak a fastball past Hank Aaron is like trying to sneak the sunrise past a rooster." -Joe Adcock
"I have a passion for not only my own kids but just kids in general." -Anthony Hamilton
"Illinois then had no legislation providing compensation for accident or disease caused by occupation." -Alice Hamilton
"The man whom God wills to slay in the struggle of life - he first individualizes." -Henrik Ibsen
"I'm not a sentimental guy." -Gene Hackman
"I have to do a show which is of interest to me, or else I'm lost." -Craig Ferguson
"She's been on more laps than a napkin." -Walter Winchell
"I never said, 'I want to be alone.' I only said, 'I want to be left alone.' There is all the difference." -Greta Garbo
"Compound interest is proof of gods existence." -Jeff Rich
"The bad poet is a toady mimicking nature." -Edward Dahlberg
"I have never seen a greater monster or miracle in the world than myself." -Michel de Montaigne
"I guess the one question I will not get today is: When are you going to do anything about cellular?" -Bernard Ebbers
"In some instances, alimony has become akin to a social-welfare program provided by working women to their ex-husbands." -Diane Garnick
"There will always be men struggling to change, and there will always be those who are controlled by the past." -Ernest Gaines
"Usually people who are in my position, they run a company and they hire people and then they take the credit for it." -Rick Baker
"I'd like to go out with friends, but I train twice a day, then I go to school, and at night I go home." -Vanessa Ferrari
"I am suspicious of what people might want from me. Do they like me, or my money?" -Petra Ecclestone
"Any lazy or biased fool can have opinions; making judgments is the hard work of responsible and compassionate people." -Lewis B. Smedes
"Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything." -George Bernard Shaw
"We can't command our love, but we can our actions." -Arthur Conan Doyle
"Hopefully I'll be the first Mexican-American going into Hillbilly Heaven." -Freddy Fender
"It's true that I have never met any man whom I thought altogether resembled me - but only because my faults are so enormous." -Enzo Ferrari
"You can never underestimate the stupidity of the general public." -Scott Adams
"I'm straight. I. Love. Men. I love men." -Janina Gavankar
"I've always just given myself to the band, if you know what I mean, and been busy with that." -Stevie Jackson
"All happy families resemble one another, each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way." -Leo Tolstoy
"Delegating work works, provided the one delegating works, too." -Robert Half
"I think every band is a little cautious when the drummer starts to write tunes." -Matt Cameron
"Like all New York hotel lady cashiers she had red hair and had been disappointed in her first husband." -Al Capp
"Nostalgia is a seductive liar." -George Ball
"I enjoy walking my dog and completing crossword puzzles." -Brian Jacques
"You just need to be accepted for who you are and be proud of who you are and that is what I'm trying to do." -Lewis Hamilton
"This war is like an actress who is getting old. It is less and less photogenic and more and more dangerous." -Robert Capa
"Spectacular achievement is always preceded by unspectacular preparation." -Robert H. Schuller
"I'm not really into makeup, not really into fuffing with hair and stuff." -Hayley Atwell
"It's very dangerous to wave to people you don't know because what if they don't have hands? They'll think you're cocky." -Mitch Hedberg
"I see corruption as a mortal enemy for young democracies." -Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj
"Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds." -Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Great things are done when men and mountains meet." -William Blake
"I didn't grow up in the typical happy American home, but music was always a safe and wonderful place for me to go." -Chris Isaak
"Time, whose tooth gnaws away everything else, is powerless against truth." -Thomas Huxley
"Words are but the signs of ideas." -Samuel Johnson
"When traveling with someone, take large does of patience and tolerance with your morning coffee." -Helen Hayes
"My country is the world; my countrymen are mankind." -William Lloyd Garrison
"No amount of political freedom will satisfy the hungry masses." -Vladimir Lenin
"Love looks through a telescope; envy, through a microscope." -Josh Billings
"To win Grand Slams you have to be in the right frame of mind, the right physical shape." -Jennifer Capriati
"Death does not concern us, because as long as we exist, death is not here. And when it does come, we no longer exist." -Epicurus
"For some reason, I bruise like a peach. I don't have enough vitamin C, I think." -Lauren Cohan
"I just see myself as a human being that's concerned about life." -Charlie Haden
"When my wrestlers got their hands raised, I jumped for joy." -Dan Gable
"You can't hold a man down without staying down with him." -Booker T. Washington
"Isn't life a series of images that change as they repeat themselves?" -Andy Warhol
"I don't really think in terms of obstacles. My biggest obstacle is always myself." -Steve Earle
"Aaron Echolls is one of the best characters that I've ever played." -Harry Hamlin
"I could tell my parents hated me. My bath toys were a toaster and a radio." -Rodney Dangerfield
"I love songs that people can dance to and enjoy at the same time." -LaToya Jackson
"It is a significant gamble to assume that troops in our U.K. Armed Forces would volunteer for a Scottish Defence Force." -Philip Hammond
"But of all plagues, good Heaven, thy wrath can send, Save me, oh, save me, from the candid friend!" -George Canning
"They have vilified me, they have crucified me; yes, they have even criticized me." -Richard J. Daley
"The successful man doesn't use others, other people use the successful man, for above all the success is of service." -Mark Caine
"You can convey a lot of emotion with just some eyebrows and mouth movement." -Gillian Jacobs
"The poet's expression of joy conceals his despair at not having found the reality of joy." -Max Jacob
"The plate tectonics of media have shifted where NBC had to become a new media company from an old media company." -Carson Daly
"I have a fear of being boring." -Christian Bale
"The brain is wider than the sky." -Emily Dickinson
"Age, like distance lends a double charm." -Oliver Herford
"I really write for people." -John Eaton
"Controversial proposals, once accepted, soon become hallowed." -Dean Acheson
"Other countries have been founded by 'accidents of force.' America is a creation of thought." -Dinesh D'Souza
"Morning breath is the worst." -Jason Earles
"I'm Miss USA, not Miss Religion USA." -Rima Fakih
"Selfishness is one of the qualities apt to inspire love." -Nathaniel Hawthorne
"No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it." -Andrew Carnegie
"I wish not merely to be called Christian, but also to be Christian." -Saint Ignatius
"Those who appear the most sanctified are the worst." -Elizabeth I
"When you turn your heart and your life over to Christ, when you accept Christ as the savior, it changes your heart." -George W. Bush
"No matter what heights you achieve, even if you're Brad Pitt, the slide is coming, sure as death and taxes." -James Caan
"And as a nurse, I know very well the importance, for example, of electronic medical records." -Lois Capps
"I love working with the right actor, and if the right actor happens to be unknown, that should be allowed, too, I think." -J. J. Abrams
"I believe it is time for new leadership that is able to leave the '70s behind." -Kim Campbell
"It's a never ending battle of making your cars better and also trying to be better yourself." -Dale Earnhardt
"Civilization began the first time an angry person cast a word instead of a rock." -Sigmund Freud
"Always look at what you have left. Never look at what you have lost." -Robert H. Schuller
"I'm like old wine. They don't bring me out very often - but I'm well preserved." -Rose Kennedy
"If my forgeries looked as bad as the CBS documents, it would have been 'Catch Me In Two Days'." -Frank Abagnale
"Most people see through these issues but the corporate media doesn't reflect these sentiments." -John Hall
"The Paris Commune was first and foremost a democracy. The government was a body elected by universal suffrage." -C. L. R. James
"It's one of the best leagues in Europe in football. Benfica in my opinion is one of the top 10 biggest clubs in the world." -Freddy Adu
"Your life is the fruit of your own doing. You have no one to blame but yourself." -Joseph Campbell
"There's nothing more human than two people making love." -Victoria Abril
"The French cook; we open tins." -John Galsworthy
"Once a song's out there, it's no longer mine. And that's the whole purpose of music: to belong to people." -Sade Adu
"Self-depreciation is a disease. Once it gets a hold on us - good-bye!" -Douglas Fairbanks
"I think I would not be described as a character actor in that I don't take on characteristics which are very alien to me." -Jeremy Irons
"I'm not going to disrespect you, don't disrespect me." -DMX
"Energy consumption matters both to our environment and our economy." -John Baldacci
"I do not write, I build." -Alvar Aalto
"I enjoy Saturday night racing." -Dale Earnhardt
"I'm happy to be alive, I'm happy to be who I am." -Michael Jackson
"I think Princess Diana probably had the most famous haircut, or Farrah Fawcett or Jennifer Aniston." -Dorothy Hamill
"For women in their 30s, it's so hard to get good parts." -Joey Lauren Adams
"Our life is what our thoughts make it." -Marcus Aurelius
"If you are going to survive in business, show business or any business, then you have to be bold." -Rebecca Ferguson
"I've always been suspicious of collective truths." -Eugene Ionesco
"Directing is really my favorite thing to do, but if I never directed again, I'd be okay if all the work I did was good." -Jeff Garlin
"It was only when I finished the course and left my graduation diploma on the bus that I realised I'd become an actor." -James D'arcy
"That is the artistic task: To choose the best from these solutions." -Arne Jacobsen
"Experience enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again." -Franklin P. Jones
"We may be in a tough time right now, but when we are in a tough time is when our movement gets really strong." -Patricia Ireland
"I found that laughter was a form of acceptance, and I really enjoyed that and I just - I crave it." -Gabriel Iglesias
"I do not think about being beautiful. What I devote most of my time to is being healthy." -Ann Bancroft
"However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship." -Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"I may be a successful football player, but I feel like such a failure." -Brett Favre
"The greatest gift children can give you is that, for the first time, you're not the center of your own universe." -JJ Feild
"There's so few people in this town with a conscience." -Blake Edwards
"Patience has its limits, take it too far and it's cowardice." -Holbrook Jackson
"Imagination is the eye of the soul." -Joseph Joubert
"I love living in Michigan, which has been great for my kids and my family." -Jeff Daniels
"I never worry about being driven to drink; I just worry about being driven home." -W. C. Fields
"Victory is won not in miles but in inches. Win a little now, hold your ground, and later, win a little more." -Louis L'Amour
"You affect your subconscious mind by verbal repetition." -W. Clement Stone
"Climate change is such a huge issue that it requires strong, concerted, consistent and enduring action by governments." -Peter Garrett
"Winning Wimbledon was a great feeling and it is still a great feeling. It has given me so much confidence." -Goran Ivanisevic
"The worst enemy of human hope is not brute facts, but men of brains who will not face them." -Max Eastman
"This has been a trend for a long time; the days of lifetime employment are long since over." -Marc Andreesen
"Honor is simply the morality of superior men." -H. L. Mencken
"Nothing ever seems straightforward in Venice, least of all its romances." -Roger Ebert
"If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done." -Bruce Lee
"If you keep on saying things are going to be bad, you have a good chance of being a prophet." -Isaac Bashevis Singer
"Good management consists in showing average people how to do the work of superior people." -John D. Rockefeller
"Our men and women in uniform deserve the best intelligence possible to help them protect America." -Chris Cannon
"Liberals are my friends, my colleagues, my social world." -Jonathan Haidt
"There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart." -Charles Dickens
"And for the few that only lend their ear, That few is all the world." -Samuel Daniel
"Experience is making mistakes and learning from them." -Bill Ackman
"The more you keep costs down, the more freedom you have creatively." -Eric Fellner
"I absolutely loved being famous. It was all great, up until the point when it wasn't." -Noel Gallagher
"If you want to experiment, do something temporary." -Andy Garcia
"I do not so much rejoice that God hath made me to be a Queen, as to be a Queen over so thankful a people." -Elizabeth I
"I really believe in the philosophy that you create your own universe. I'm just trying to create a good one for myself." -Jim Carrey
"Well Microsoft really does develop some really interesting technology." -Miguel de Icaza
"I've been in love with Natalie Portman for a long time now. She's flawless." -Brant Daugherty
"We all have sadness in our life and things that we can draw upon." -Sherilyn Fenn
"I think back to the old people I knew when I was growing up, and they always seemed larger than life." -Chinua Achebe
"We all need people who will give us feedback. That's how we improve." -Bill Gates
"A crust eaten in peace is better than a banquet partaken in anxiety." -Aesop
"I paint with shapes." -Alexander Calder
"Americans are not a perfect people, but we are called to a perfect mission." -Andrew Jackson
"It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well." -Rene Descartes
"There is no such thing as a 'self-made' man. We are made up of thousands of others." -George Matthew Adams
"Get in your kitchens, buy unprocessed foods, turn off the TV, and prepare your own foods. This is liberating." -Joel Salatin
"Nothing that is morally wrong can be politically right." -William E. Gladstone
"I'm very shy really. I spend a lot of time in my room alone reading or writing or watching television." -Johnny Cash
"A true friend is one soul in two bodies." -Aristotle
"Never mistake activity for achievement." -John Wooden
"There are very honest people who do not think that they have had a bargain unless they have cheated a merchant." -Anatole France
"There's a saying, 'It's easy to write songs, but very difficult to write great songs.' I'm going through that right now." -Bryan Adams
"What we see depends mainly on what we look for." -John Lubbock
"Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it." -George Santayana
"I wear heels. It's not for a fashion statement, it's... ammunition." -Nikki Haley
"If you took acting away from me, I'd stop breathing." -Ingrid Bergman
"I'm just passionately in love with my kids." -Sheena Easton
"Money's a horrid thing to follow, but a charming thing to meet." -Henry James
"To know, is to know that you know nothing. That is the meaning of true knowledge." -Socrates
"I hope for nothing. I fear nothing. I am free." -Nikos Kazantzakis
"God is not a doormat, nor should anyone else be a doormat." -Lewis B. Smedes
"The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep." -W. C. Fields
"I don't think anything's more rewarding than hearing that you've helped someone gain a love of reading." -James Dashner
"There is no such thing as society: there are individual men and women, and there are families." -Margaret Thatcher
"The first time with artistic endeavors is, if it's working, it was your idea, and if it's not, it's somebody else's idea." -Tom T. Hall
"I am coming back to New York after five years, and it seems that psychics are taking over the city." -Aravind Adiga
"An entrepreneur assumes the risk and is dedicated and committed to the success of whatever he or she undertakes." -Victor Kiam
"To bring anything into your life, imagine that it's already there." -Richard Bach
"I never, ever would or did rob anyone in my life." -Robert Iler
"Ask not what you can do for your country. Ask what's for lunch." -Orson Welles
"When I was about 12 years old back in Houston, my Dad used to take us to the driving range." -Ron White
"I believe with all my heart that the Bible is the infallible word of God." -Jerry Falwell
"Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence." -Leonardo da Vinci
"All laws are an attempt to domesticate the natural ferocity of the species." -John W. Gardner
"The greatest discovery of my generation is that man can alter his life simply by altering his attitude of mind." -James Truslow Adams
"I love to exercise outside in the fresh air and sun: hiking, swimming, stand-up paddleboarding, and jogging." -Colbie Caillat
"You're better off being a brick layer if you're going to play guitar than a sheet metal worker." -Roger Daltrey
"Heaven finds an ear when sinners find a tongue." -Francis Quarles
"I think it hurt my performance because I stopped being me. That won't ever happen again." -Christopher Darden
"Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out." -John Wooden
"Sleep - the most beautiful experience in life - except drink." -W. C. Fields
"That's all I want, to keep losing myself." -Andrew Garfield
"I am in awe of women who have full family lives and seem to work round the clock in the 24/7 news cycle." -Jill Abramson
"'Encores!' is, to me, a wonderful, warm, welcoming place, and I hope it always will be." -Kate Baldwin
"While I was always successful... I never thought I'd be one in the world." -Lindsay Davenport
"There is pain and sacrifice in everyone's world. That's why, when I was dancing, I had no pain." -Suzanne Farrell
"A strong foe is better than a weak friend." -Edward Dahlberg
"There is no disguise which can hide love for long where it exists, or simulate it where it does not." -Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"I get people to truly accept themselves unconditionally, whether or not their therapist or anyone loves them." -Albert Ellis
"Think how many blameless lives are brightened by the blazing indiscretions of other people." -Pope Paul VI
"She seems to be having a pretty good time despite her worrying. That's Lily." -Dashiell Hammett
"A wise man never loses anything, if he has himself." -Michel de Montaigne
"Jump out the window if you are the object of passion. Flee it if you feel it. Passion goes, boredom remains." -Coco Chanel
"That isn't writing at all, it's typing." -Truman Capote
"If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There's no point in being a damn fool about it." -W. C. Fields
"In other words, by finding the anomalous event, what you do is you get out ahead of activities." -Stephen Cambone
"I don't really need to stand out, there's room for everyone. Although I haven't built a niche yet, I'm just writing love songs." -Adele
"I cannot sing the old songs now! It is not that I deem them low, 'Tis that I can't remember how They go." -Charles Stuart Calverley
"History is a pack of lies about events that never happened told by people who weren't there." -George Santayana
"There are a thousand thoughts lying within a man that he does not know till he takes up a pen to write." -William Makepeace Thackeray
"I've avoided doing network shows because I don't think they're true to real families." -Jeff Garlin
"Fidelity is the sister of justice." -Horace
"There's nothing I like less than bad arguments for a view that I hold dear." -Rose Kennedy
"Life is apogee, apex, decline; life is death - and everything else is open to discussion." -Colin Farrell
"I believe in God and immortality." -Alex Campbell
"Hell isn't merely paved with good intentions; it's walled and roofed with them. Yes, and furnished too." -Aldous Huxley
"Women don't want to hear what you think. Women want to hear what they think - in a deeper voice." -Bill Cosby
"It's much easier to make a Superman or Batman film than a Green Lantern film." -Martin Campbell
"America will always side with those whom she can direct, give orders to and have those orders obeyed." -Louis Farrakhan
"Keep in mind that the true measure of an individual is how he treats a person who can do him absolutely no good." -Ann Landers
"The writers want to know were you made your mistake, no how well your curve is breaking." -Alvin Dark
"If you fall behind, run faster. Never give up, never surrender, and rise up against the odds." -Jesse Jackson
"Only government can take perfectly good paper, cover it with perfectly good ink and make the combination worthless." -Milton Friedman
"Paintings have a life of their own that derives from the painter's soul." -Vincent Van Gogh
"A cynic is a man who, when he smells flowers, looks around for a coffin." -H. L. Mencken
"Now I can go back to being ruthless again." -Robert Kennedy
"Neurosis is the inability to tolerate ambiguity." -Sigmund Freud
"In your thirst for knowledge, be sure not to drown in all the information." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
"Grant me thirty years of equal division of inheritances and a free press, and I will provide you with a republic." -Alexis de Tocqueville
"I'd like to do a romantic comedy." -Aaron Eckhart
"Forgiveness is about empowering yourself, rather than empowering your past." -T. D. Jakes
"There are those who wrap themselves in flags and blow the tinny trumpet of patriotism as a means of fooling the people." -George Galloway
"Faith and prayer are the vitamins of the soul; man cannot live in health without them." -Mahalia Jackson
"We're not getting any younger." -Donald Fagen
"May you live your life as if the maxim of your actions were to become universal law." -Immanuel Kant
"I think the Huffington Post has been inventive and presents what it aggregates well." -Jill Abramson
"To me, the AMC brand is great storytelling - they call it slow-burn storytelling." -Billy Campbell
"I watched my mother waste her life on housework and swore I'd never do that. Dave does the cooking." -Siobhan Fahey
"All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination." -Earl Nightingale
"Yes, I have made a woman cry." -Enrique Iglesias
"I like to shop, but I don't like to go out to dances." -Etta James
"God gave me a great body and it's my duty to take care of my physical temple." -Jean-Claude Van Damme
"Jokes are very curious things psychologically." -James Callis
"Let men decide firmly what they will not do, and they will be free to do vigorously what they ought to do." -Mencius
"I think any label is bad. I'm more than a label." -Nikki Haley
"I was timid and frightened as a child. Yours truly did not shin up mountains or do any other kind of adventurous stuff." -Kate Adie
"It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped." -Tony Robbins
"I don't like to watch myself. I can't get into the story; I'm too critical." -Cheyenne Jackson
"People who look down on other people don't end up being looked up to." -Robert Half
"I am not an artist which is 'in.'" -Julio Iglesias
"I never wanted children; maybe I'm afraid of responsibility." -Mahmoud Darwish
"Christmas is doing a little something extra for someone." -Charles M. Schulz
"After the horse dance was over, it seemed that I was above the ground and did not touch it when I walked." -Black Elk
"I'm a fan of all these genres of music, everything from Mumford & Sons to Beach Boys to doo-wop music to reggae." -B.o.B
"To think that when they come out with these gigantic songs, it's pretty tough to top them, you know." -Sebastian Bach
"He isn't a real boss until he has trained subordinates to shoulder most of his responsibilities." -William Feather
"I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific." -Lily Tomlin
"Yes, and it's my third movie with Richard. American Gigolo was my first." -Hector Elizondo
"Getting older is hard." -Alec Baldwin
"I was planning on my future as a homeless person. I had a really good spot picked out." -Larry David
"You largely constructed your depression. It wasn't given to you. Therefore, you can deconstruct it." -Albert Ellis
"What you get when you put all your resources behind a product, is you get everyone to join in." -Anita Elberse
"The General Strike has taught the working class more in four days than years of talking could have done." -Arthur Balfour
"My chosen exercise is cycling. I just love it." -Eric Bana
"You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them." -Maya Angelou
"My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them." -Mitch Hedberg
"Francis Webb is easily our greatest poet and one of the greatest poets in the world but he's hardly ever mentioned." -Robert Adamson
"Irresponsibility is part of the pleasure of all art; it is the part the schools cannot recognize." -James Joyce
"The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph." -Thomas Paine
"It's useless to play lullabies for those who cannot sleep." -John Cage
"I'm always trolling for trivia." -Lynn Abbey
"You have been trapped in the inescapable net of ruin by your own want of sense." -Aeschylus
"We loved everything. We wanted to be able to do anything." -Jim Capaldi
"Every duty is a charge, but the charge of oneself is the root of all others." -Mencius
"Architecture is not merely national but clearly has local ties in that it is rooted in the earth." -Alvar Aalto
"Compassionate action emerges from the sense of openness, connectedness, and discernment you have created." -Joan Halifax
"Satan, really, is the romantic youth of Jesus re-appearing for a moment." -James Joyce
"Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other." -Euripides
"Time goes a lot quicker when the work is a lot more enjoyable." -Simon Baker
"A man growing old becomes a child again." -Sophocles
"I find that break-ups are so much easier when you can hate the person." -Lizzy Caplan
"A woman's chastity consists, like an onion, of a series of coats." -Nathaniel Hawthorne
"Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking." -Marcus Aurelius
"What we've gone through in the last several years has caused some people to question 'Can we trust Microsoft?'" -Steve Ballmer
"I understand that when people read my books that there's something there - but I don't identify with it." -Kathy Acker
"It is true that we are made of dust. And the world is also made of dust. But the dust has motes rising." -Muhammad Iqbal
"They always win who side with God." -Frederick William Faber
"Even though I pretty much made my own decisions early on, when I was younger I tended to overbook my life." -Sheena Easton
"Talent perceives differences; genius, unity." -William Butler Yeats
"We can dig ourselves out of the ditch that the progressives and Obama-ites have driven us into." -Bob Ehrlich
"People are complicated; you put two of them together and it's generally a mess, but hopefully a beautiful mess." -Johnny Galecki
"Patriotism is often an arbitrary veneration of real estate above principles." -George Jean Nathan
"I'd like to say that parody is a celebration of a person's specific characteristics, as opposed to mockery." -Ana Gasteyer
"I think if two people love each other, they should be able to get married. That's pretty much simple." -Jonathan Davis
"That is ever the way. 'Tis all jealousy to the bride and good wishes to the corpse." -James M. Barrie
"I feel it's part of my job to make the problems of the poor compelling." -Paul Farmer
"Being prime minister is a lonely job... you cannot lead from the crowd." -Margaret Thatcher
"Sometimes if you want to see a change for the better, you have to take things into your own hands." -Clint Eastwood
"Should you shield the canyons from the windstorms you would never see the true beauty of their carvings." -Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
"We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them." -Albert Einstein
"You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is." -Will Rogers
"Wickedness is its own punishment." -Francis Quarles
"Ninety-nine percent of the people in the world are fools and the rest of us are in great danger of contagion." -Thornton Wilder
"The elimination of the barbaric terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi is good news for the world." -Spencer Bachus
"I hate having my photograph taken." -E. L. James
"I'm very staid compared to my students, actually." -Kathy Acker
"Proving I'm a good mother is the one achievement I'm most proud of. It's brought out the best in me." -Sheena Easton
"And, if I were so low that I accounted myself the worst of all, yet some would account themselves in worse case." -Joseph Hall
"People love gospel music. It's calming. It's soothing. It gets right to the point of whatever you're dealing with." -Yolanda Adams
"A clever, ugly man every now and then is successful with the ladies, but a handsome fool is irresistible." -William Makepeace Thackeray
"My issue in the past with nudity was that these scenes had been written solely for box office draw." -Neve Campbell
"I imagine that yes is the only living thing." -e. e. cummings
"I really love good food occasionally, but I need time to enjoy it, and I need to be hungry." -Clare Balding
"To whatever degree you have as a celebrity or notoriety, there are people who see you as an opinion leader." -Eric Balfour
"Beauty is mysterious as well as terrible. God and devil are fighting there, and the battlefield is the heart of man." -Fyodor Dostoevsky
"I don't have any friends from my childhood because I didn't stay at one school for very long." -Katharine Isabelle
"A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who, however, has never learned how to walk forward." -Franklin D. Roosevelt
"To feel at home, stay at home." -Clifton Fadiman
"You don't have to be married to have a good friend as your partner for life." -Greta Garbo
"Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win." -Stephen King
"I wanted to be a painter." -Max Cannon
"You can do whatever you want with my work." -Kathy Acker
"We have it in our power to begin the world over again." -Thomas Paine
"The power of imagination makes us infinite." -John Muir
"The good times of today, are the sad thoughts of tomorrow." -Bob Marley
"I play the guitar and the piano and have a group of guys who I play with. They're uber talented." -Ryan Eggold
"It is important from time to time to slow down, to go away by yourself, and simply be." -Eileen Caddy
"You can't live a perfect day without doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you." -John Wooden
"Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing." -Abraham Lincoln
"Without forgiveness, there's no future." -Desmond Tutu
"It is better to be high-spirited even though one makes more mistakes, than to be narrow-minded and all too prudent." -Vincent Van Gogh
"Gossip can be entertaining: occasionally, I've heard the most fascinating things about myself I never knew." -Vanna Bonta
"Ed Kowalczyk is my favorite singer." -Chris Daughtry
"Cultivating relationships with people who've achieved what you want to achieve makes the path fuller and more fun." -Katori Hall
"I'm a bit of a chicken when it comes to seeing potentially horrifying things on the Internet." -Katharine Isabelle
"The mainstream media showed, for example, no blood and guts resulting from the 9/11 attacks." -Bruce Jackson
"Life has meaning only if one barters it day by day for something other than itself." -Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"No man can think clearly when his fists are clenched." -George Jean Nathan
"I just throw it out and see what happens. If it sounds and feels right, then I continue." -F. Murray Abraham
"Ya know what I do almost every day? I wash. Personal hygiene is part of the package with me." -Jim Carrey
"No nation can rise to the height of glory unless your women are side by side with you." -Muhammad Ali Jinnah
"One thorn of experience is worth a whole wilderness of warning." -James Russell Lowell
"If you want to control other people, first control yourself." -Abu Bakr
"I'm much more interested in raising revenues for businesses than for the government." -Dave Camp
"Michael has a connection with children, just like Mickey Mouse does, and he brings happiness to them, and joy." -Jermaine Jackson
"I have died in enough TV and films." -Edi Gathegi
"There is not a soul who does not have to beg alms of another, either a smile, a handshake, or a fond eye." -Lord Acton
"Writing fiction, there are no limits to what you write as long as it increases the value of the paper you are writing on." -Buddy Ebsen
"God could not be everywhere, and therefore he made mothers." -Rudyard Kipling
"I think luck gets you on to the stage. But it has nothing to do with keeping you there." -Eric Bana
"Heroes can be sweet." -Oriana Fallaci
"E. Klimov's 'Come and See,' about partisans fighting the Germans in Byelorussia, is the greatest anti-war film ever made." -J. G. Ballard
"As an actor, I was just satisfied to work." -Thayer David
"The reason why the world lacks unity, and lies broken and in heaps, is, because man is disunited with himself." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"I smoke all the time, one after the other." -Greta Garbo
"I learned the value of hard work by working hard." -Margaret Mead
"I really enjoy being able to spend my time doing different charitable and philanthropic activities." -Jennie Garth
"The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do." -Walter Bagehot
"I've been very happy with all the teams I've played for. They all treated me very well." -Melky Cabrera
"Neuroscience over the next 50 years is going to introduce things that are mind-blowing." -David Eagleman
"I'd rather be with Dracula than the Wolfman." -Janina Gavankar
"The woman who can create her own job is the woman who will win fame and fortune." -Amelia Earhart
"According to the new ethics, virtue is not restrictive but expansive, a sentiment and even an intoxication." -Irving Babbitt
"There are some people so addicted to exaggeration that they can't tell the truth without lying." -Josh Billings
"Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out." -Stephen Covey
"Very few of us are what we seem." -Agatha Christie
"I cheated at the Model United Nations when I was 13 and had to get up and apologise in front of the whole conference." -Romola Garai
"I find it incredibly romantic that people should fight for a cause they believe in and be prepared to die for it." -James D'arcy
"One's dignity may be assaulted, vandalized and cruelly mocked, but cannot be taken away unless it is surrendered." -Michael J. Fox
"I realize I stare at everyone, especially when I'm walking down the street. I'm just a curious person." -Penn Badgley
"The more we do, the more we can do." -William Hazlitt
"Cinema is a reflection of its own society." -Shohreh Aghdashloo
"The most effective way to do it, is to do it." -Toni Cade Bambara
"I am really passionate about sports in general - especially water sports." -Enrique Iglesias
"The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness." -Lao Tzu
"It may be that the satisfaction I need depends on my going away, so that when I've gone and come back, I'll find it at home." -Rumi
"My skin is very sensitive." -Eric Dane
"What people say, what people do, and what they say they do are entirely different things." -Margaret Mead
"The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react." -George Bernard Shaw
"Egypt is a sovereign nation." -William Hague
"I'm looking to see what the bigger picture is." -Chris Daughtry
"I don't like painting flowers in my music. I like painting guts and pain." -Jonathan Davis
"If I don't believe it, I don't care." -Sid Caesar
"We need librarians who can handle this tremendous jumble of information that is in cyberspace." -Robert Darnton
"Love... it surrounds every being and extends slowly to embrace all that shall be." -Khalil Gibran
"I'm a comedian, which is the opposite of a lifestyle that equips you to be a parent." -Jim Gaffigan
"Oh Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz." -Janis Joplin
"When I go into the studio, I completely detach. I let my emotions come out." -Sade Adu
"What will happen to sex after liberation? Frankly, I don't know. It is a great mystery to all of us." -Nora Ephron
"I'm a presenter." -Richard Hammond
"I have a very bad relationship with mice." -Casey Affleck
"It was the best job I ever had. I just left because my whole team was leaving and the new guys were coming." -Victoria Jackson
"All babies are beautiful." -Jeanne Calment
"Thumbs up to the buxom woman. Size zero is boring!" -Vidya Balan
"I love Monet - I've nicknamed him King Blob. When you go up to the painting, it's a series of blobs - amazing." -Celia Imrie
"Walking is the best possible exercise. Habituate yourself to walk very far." -Thomas Jefferson
"I want to direct. Definitely a goal of mine." -Corey Haim
"If the studio wants to spend money on making your movie better, let them." -Lorenzo di Bonaventura
"I don't stand for the black man's side, I don' t stand for the white man's side. I stand for God's side." -Bob Marley
"Documentary films are created in an inverted funnel of declining possibility." -Bruce Jackson
"Nobody wants to go through divorce, especially when there's young children involved." -Lindsay Davenport
"When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on." -Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Everything has positive and negative consequences." -Farrah Fawcett
"Peace if possible, truth at all costs." -Martin Luther
"When there is a huge force pressing down on freedoms, sub-cultures with more creativity and power are likely to form." -Joichi Ito
"You don't lead by hitting people over the head - that's assault, not leadership." -Dwight D. Eisenhower
"A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week." -George S. Patton
"Anything worth doing is worth overdoing." -Mick Jagger
"The more flesh you show, the higher up the ladder you go." -Jerry Hall
"When you are in the eye of the storm, you are often not aware of the whiplash around you." -Hugh Bonneville
"My public caricature - that of a self-confident alpha male - is only partly accurate." -Alastair Campbell
"No pen can give an adequate description of the all-pervading corruption produced by slavery." -Harriet Ann Jacobs
"We are human, and nothing is more interesting to us than humanity." -M. H. Abrams
"My mom didn't let me play tackle until I was in high school. She didn't want me to get hurt." -Nick Ferguson
"Friends are thieves of time." -Francis Bacon
"You can't develop a great car and sell it as an independent. You can develop a great car and make a deal with Mercedes." -Eric Fellner
"There is nothing worse than a sharp image of a fuzzy concept." -Ansel Adams
"A flower cannot blossom without sunshine, and man cannot live without love." -Max Muller
"No one is so miserable as the poor person who maintains the appearance of wealth." -Charles Spurgeon
"I hope people will like my novels after I'm dead. And I hope my children think about me in good ways, by and large." -Clyde Edgerton
"The world is apt to judge of everything by the success; and whoever has ill fortune will hardly be allowed a good name." -William Dampier
"The desire for liberty has also made itself felt as struggle against domestic tyranny or arbitrary rule." -Emily Greene Balch
"But we look back now, and we realize the Great Society was not a success." -Alphonso Jackson
"'Dexter' is a very well-oiled machine; it's just a great show and great to be part of." -Roald Dahl
"I don't copy recipes without trying them out. I don't reprint without trying them again." -Elizabeth David
"The eagle has no fear of adversity. We need to be like the eagle and have a fearless spirit of a conqueror!" -Joyce Meyer
"Never interrupt someone doing what you said couldn't be done." -Amelia Earhart
"No good movie is too long and no bad movie is short enough." -Roger Ebert
"As soon as I hear music, something in me starts to vibrate." -Suzanne Farrell
"I try and stay limber, swim, run, ride motorcycles." -Matt Cameron
"There's a black man inside of me just trying to make bail." -Brad Garrett
"I don't think closeted homosexual morticians have the market cornered on self-loathing or sense of shame." -Michael C. Hall
"Actually I dance really well on the floor." -Oksana Baiul
"What I don't like are pompous, pretentious movies." -Peter Jackson
"Holy cow!" -Harry Caray
"One-fifth of the people are against everything all the time." -Robert Kennedy
"The healthiest competition occurs when average people win by putting above average effort." -Colin Powell
"There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; there's only scarcity of resolve to make it happen." -Wayne Dyer
"Like everyone else who makes the mistake of getting older, I begin each day with coffee and obituaries." -Bill Cosby
"Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen." -Winston Churchill
"Like, to do a pilot, you don't know what's going to happen with it." -Jenna Elfman
"Well, opera began with an intent to resuscitate Greek drama, that is, modern opera as we know it." -John Eaton
"I enjoy life when things are happening. I don't care if it's good things or bad things. That means you're alive." -Joan Rivers
"After all, we paid great prices because of the virtual partitioning of Iraq." -Bulent Ecevit
"I want people to go to the movies. I am the man of the spectacle. I'm playing." -Roman Polanski
"Writing is hard work and bad for the health." -E. B. White
"The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong." -Mahatma Gandhi
"For me the question was, do I want my paycheck to be dependent on how other people think I look?" -Kathy Ireland
"Serbs can only leave Kosovo." -Ivica Dacic
"With theatre, you have to be ready for anything." -Willem Dafoe
"Mother's love is peace. It need not be acquired, it need not be deserved." -Erich Fromm
"Travel and society polish one, but a rolling stone gathers no moss, and a little moss is a good thing on a man." -John Burroughs
"A perfect dinner for me is being with people I really want to be with. It starts and stops with my company and my family." -Catherine Bach
"I myself never make any notes. Usually, if I write something down, I can't read it afterwards." -Roman Abramovich
"My company Independent Ideas worked with Gucci on a special edition Fiat 500." -Lapo Elkann
"The first rule of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts." -Paul R. Ehrlich
"How could they call him wacko? He's sold more records than anybody in history." -Joseph Jackson
"As a child I'd get given parts as a tree." -Max Irons
"Hollywood sucks. I've got the bruises to prove it." -Norman Fell
"I am infinitely grateful to the life which privileged me." -Jacky Ickx
"There's no such thing as a teenager that listens to a single word their father says." -Justin Townes Earle
"The training of the schools should be extended to the heart as well as the mind and hand." -Sheldon Jackson
"My major regret in life is that my childhood was unnecessarily lonely." -Truman Capote
"The first guy who came up with the concept of religion was sitting out under a tree. I'm sure of that." -Tom T. Hall
"I try to only eat animals that are vegan. I'm probably the opposite of a vegan." -Jim Gaffigan
"I also discovered the only complete Brontosaurus skull." -Robert T. Bakker
"The only thing about 3-D is the dullness of the image." -Peter Jackson
"It is inevitable that those to whom is vouchsafed a long life of usefulness should outlive the friends of their youth." -Cleveland Abbe
"I'm not looking for guidance." -Liam Gallagher
"Tis distance lends enchantment to the view, and robes the mountain in its azure hue." -Thomas Campbell
"Joy is prayer; joy is strength: joy is love; joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls." -Mother Teresa
"I grew up in a small town where everyone wanted to be the same or look the same and was afraid to be different." -Kate Bosworth
"To keep every cog and wheel is the first precaution of intelligent tinkering." -Aldo Leopold
"In order to change the world, you have to get your head together first." -Jimi Hendrix
"Buy old masters. They fetch a better price than old mistresses." -Max Aitken
"If something is irrational, that means it won't work. It's usually unrealistic." -Albert Ellis
"Never get out of bed before noon." -Charles Bukowski
"The reality is, some people don't want you to change or go anywhere different." -Kenneth Edmonds
"My name has opened doors and slammed doors shut." -Max Irons
"I am drawn to Americana, and I am drawn to gothic stories, and I love American gothic stories." -Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa
"Whether I'm wearing lots of makeup or no makeup, I'm always the same person inside." -Lady Gaga
"I'm hoping someday that some kid, black or white, will hit more home runs than myself. Whoever it is, I'd be pulling for him." -Hank Aaron
"I like directing. It takes a lot out of you, but I'd like to do it again - I just have to find a story I want to tell." -Kevin Bacon
"I'm taking my time. I feel much more confident, and every day I feel like I'm getting better." -Miguel Cabrera
"There is no subject so old that something new cannot be said about it." -Fyodor Dostoevsky
"The thing I miss about performing is being with people." -Tim Federle
"If it is not scary, it is not worth doing." -Rhys Ifans
"Beware of anyone who says they know. Trust me, they don't, or they wouldn't have to say they did." -Harvey Fierstein
"A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on." -John F. Kennedy
"I loathe cheese, it makes me ill." -Colin Baker
"He who doesn't fear death dies only once." -Giovanni Falcone
"I enjoy shopping and going on holiday." -Tamara Ecclestone
"On issues relating to taxes, you don't always speak with one voice." -Tom Daschle
"A President cannot always be popular." -Harry S Truman
"I cannot trust a man to control others who cannot control himself." -Robert E. Lee
"My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness." -Dalai Lama
"Acted drama requires surrender of one's self, sympathetic absorption in the play as it develops." -George Pierce Baker
"I like being busy and juggling a lot of things at the same time. I get bored easily, so I need to do a lot." -Ellen DeGeneres
"Architects design houses. I live in a home." -Peter Eisenman
"How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone." -Coco Chanel
"A true friend is the greatest of all blessings, and that which we take the least care of all to acquire." -Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"In the depth of winter I finally learned that there was in me an invincible summer." -Albert Camus
"Never go on trips with anyone you do not love." -Ernest Hemingway
"A good traveler has no fixed plans, and is not intent on arriving." -Lao Tzu
"When campaigns use one-word labels, typically it's meant to distract and destroy." -Bill Halter
"If I am in a beautiful place, but I don't like the people, I am miserable." -Alber Elbaz
"Don't believe your own publicity. You can't; you'll start thinking that you're better than you are." -Leif Garrett
"Here is the test to find whether your mission on Earth is finished: if you're alive, it isn't." -Richard Bach
"Nature's imagination is so boundless compared to our own meager human imagination." -James Cameron
"War is organized murder and torture against our brothers." -Alfred Adler
"I don't think I'm ever going to retire from stand-up, but what I have retired from is working the road every week." -Jeff Garlin
"Filmmaking for me is always aiming for the imaginary movie and never achieving it." -Peter Jackson
"I love working out. It's my release. I've done it since I've been in the military." -Robert Irvine
"Alexander Hamilton started the U.S. Treasury with nothing, and that was the closest our country has ever been to being even." -Will Rogers
"I would play with Guns n' Roses anytime." -Sebastian Bach
"Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." -John Wooden
"I always adored Cary Grant. I was fascinated by him. But I could never get too close to him." -George Hamilton
"A paranoiac like a poet, is born, not made." -Luis Bunuel
"Life resembles a novel more often than novels resemble life." -George Sand
"The president of the United States actually has to be able to walk and chew gum at the same time." -John Edwards
"Enthusiasm moves the world." -Arthur Balfour
"When I was young, my mum was part of a brilliant puppet theatre that toured all over the world." -Arthur Darvill
"Climbing to the top demands strength, whether it is to the top of Mount Everest or to the top of your career." -A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
"I used to be a huge fan of 'Lockup' on MSNBC, and that certainly has helped with my understanding of the world." -Uzo Aduba
"People used what they called a telephone because they hated being close together and they were scared of being alone." -Chuck Palahniuk
"I did not have a reputation to defend." -Roman Polanski
"I've been in eleven no-hitters you know." -Bert Campaneris
"To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible." -Thomas Aquinas
"Character is destiny." -Heraclitus
"I wanted to be a comedian, and this is what I'm doing. If I can keep this going, I'm happy." -Gabriel Iglesias
"I look for struggle in the roles I choose - struggle and perseverance." -Vera Farmiga
"I like the cold weather. It means you get work done." -Noam Chomsky
"Some goals you just never really think about trying to achieve because they just seem so out of reach." -Chris Daughtry
"Time is a dressmaker specializing in alterations." -Faith Baldwin
"Be nice to people on your way up because you'll meet them on your way down." -Wilson Mizner
"Born poor, but of honored and humble people, I am particularly proud to die poor." -Pope John XXIII
"Good means not merely not to do wrong, but rather not to desire to do wrong." -Democritus
"As of now, I am in control here in the White House." -Alexander Haig
"Mental health is often missing from public health debates even though it's critical to wellbeing." -Diane Abbott
"All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Discontent is the first necessity of progress." -Thomas A. Edison
"One of the things about my ministry is that I have never branded myself as being above the people or superior to people." -T. D. Jakes
"I still had some honor... I still have some now." -Roman Polanski
"I say what I want to say and do what I want to do. There's no in between. People will either love you for it or hate you for it." -Eminem
"I'm half living my life between reality and fantasy at all times." -Lady Gaga
"It can't hurt, publicity is publicity, controversy and all that, it's all good." -Keith David
"The bonds of love are what connect us to the other side." -John Edward
"Some may never live, but the crazy never die." -Hunter S. Thompson
"Sometimes adversity is what you need to face in order to become successful." -Zig Ziglar
"I love talking to the youth and helping them as much as I can or encouraging them, if I can help them at all." -Sheila E.
"There is a real magic in enthusiasm. It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment." -Norman Vincent Peale
"Just because it sparkles doesn't mean it's good." -Armie Hammer
"When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps." -Confucius
"Joy in the universe, and keen curiosity about it all - that has been my religion." -John Burroughs
"Better do a good deed near at home than go far away to burn incense." -Amelia Earhart
"The aim of life is to live, and to live means to be aware, joyously, drunkenly, serenely, divinely aware." -Henry Miller
"Maybe entertainment is not supposed to be reality." -Victoria Jackson
"My only concern was to get home after a hard day's work." -Rosa Parks
"The two powers which in my opinion constitute a wise man are those of bearing and forbearing." -Epictetus
"I think I'm pretty down to earth." -Lindsay Davenport
"Love, having no geography, knows no boundaries." -Truman Capote
"The cure for admiring the House of Lords is to go and look at it." -Walter Bagehot
"History is a gallery of pictures in which there are few originals and many copies." -Alexis de Tocqueville
"You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough." -Mae West
"I don't watch horror movies because they scare me!" -Sarah Wayne Callies
"We should all start to live before we get too old." -Marilyn Monroe
"Character builds slowly, but it can be torn down within incredible swiftness." -Faith Baldwin
"We can have a World War, I see absolutely no reason why we shouldn't have a World Party." -Vanna Bonta
"I don't control the movies that are offered to me, but I make choices based on certain parameters." -Andy Garcia
"If wrinkles must be written on our brows, let them not be written upon the heart. The spirit should never grow old." -James A. Garfield
"I made all their videos, apart from the last two, so if you ever see an Abba video on TV then it's my stuff." -Lasse Hallstrom
"The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread." -Mother Teresa
"A nice pop star would do you nice on one of those deserted islands." -Tom Felton
"If we eat any food, or drink any beverage, we must recite a blessing over them before and after." -Shmuel Yosef Agnon
"The teacher is the one who gets the most out of the lessons, and the true teacher is the learner." -Elbert Hubbard
"A bachelor is a man who comes to work each morning from a different direction." -Sholom Aleichem
"Justice... is a kind of compact not to harm or be harmed." -Epicurus
"I have a new philosophy. I'm only going to dread one day at a time." -Charles M. Schulz
"I will continue to help the political causes I believe in in any way I can." -Alastair Campbell
"The band couldn't have happened anywhere else in the world but New York. That was the catalyst." -Jan Hammer
"Dance is very, very old. With Louis XIV at Versailles is where ballet started." -Neve Campbell
"Business is the salt of life." -Jeff Rich
"The only reason I'm an actor is that a lady pulled out of a parking space in front of a producer's office." -James Garner
"In those days I was mortified, because I was a serious actor in my own mind, and then all of a sudden I'm this hunk." -Harry Hamlin
"The hardest part when I decided to move into acting was trusting I'd made the right decision." -Caitriona Balfe
"Do not love leisure. Waste not a minute. Be bold. Realize the Truth, here and now!" -Swami Sivananda
"I'm sick of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they're goin', and hook up with them later." -Mitch Hedberg
"A girl can tell I like her when I blush or start telling bad jokes." -Zac Efron
"I am personally am a fan of buff nails - not so much of clear polish, but a great buff nail is amazing." -Adrienne Bailon
"The quest for certainty blocks the search for meaning. Uncertainty is the very condition to impel man to unfold his powers." -Erich Fromm
"It is true we have won all our wars, but we have paid for them. We don't want victories anymore." -Golda Meir
"Nobody got anywhere in the world by simply being content." -Louis L'Amour
"And the attitude of faith is the very opposite of clinging to belief, of holding on." -Alan Watts
"If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late." -Henny Youngman
"The irony is that the more unapologetically sexist men are in movies, the more women tend to be attracted to them in person." -Jon Favreau
"I will do 'Dancing with the Stars' when my career dips." -Pauly D
"Write for yourself. That's it. And write every day." -E. L. James
"I celebrate masculinity when I'm onstage." -Bryan Callen
"No day is alike - I do many other things, and I'm very active in the environmental movement." -Jostein Gaarder
"Contrariwise, if it was so, it might be; and if it were so, it would be; but as it isn't, it ain't. That's logic." -Lewis Carroll
"Parents have got to chill out. Let your kid eat dirt - they're gonna be fine!" -Jeff Garlin
"When a marriage works, nothing on earth can take its place." -Helen Gahagan
"A healthful hunger for a great idea is the beauty and blessedness of life." -Jean Ingelow
"I don't want to be doing movies that I don't want to do. They take so much out of you." -Rick Baker
"Pampered vanity is a better thing perhaps than starved pride." -Joanna Baillie
"What we have once enjoyed we can never lose. All that we love deeply becomes a part of us." -Helen Keller
"Today we know the best way to prevent the spread of Ebola infection is through public health measures." -Anthony Fauci
"You must accept responsibility for your actions, but not the credit for your achievements." -Denis Waitley
"No, I'm not a lager lout either. I think you have to be a massive football fan to be a lager lout." -Hugh Dancy
"Painting is the passage from the chaos of the emotions to the order of the possible." -Balthus
"There are two types of actors: those who say they don't want to be famous, and those who are liars." -Kevin Bacon
"You gotta live life before you can talk about it. Sometimes when things don't work out in life, they work out on stage." -Gabriel Iglesias
"I'm a history nerd. Actually acting's the best job for somebody who loves weird, different stuff." -Lauren Cohan
"The mere thought hadn't even begun to speculate about the merest possibility of crossing my mind." -Douglas Adams
"The worst enemy of truth and freedom in our society is the compact majority." -Henrik Ibsen
"Every act of his life is, in a very real sense, a religious act." -Charles Eastman
"I read novels but I also read the Bible. And study it, you know? And the more I learn, the more excited I get." -Johnny Cash
"Better to fight for something than live for nothing." -George S. Patton
"Art is science made clear." -Wilson Mizner
"I've stayed away from sexy roles. It's never interested me." -Carmen Ejogo
"Dishonesty is so grasping it would deceive God himself, were it possible." -George Bancroft
"The voice of God, if you must know, is Aretha Franklin's." -Marianne Faithfull
"Ultimately we know deeply that the other side of every fear is freedom." -Marilyn Ferguson
"It is impossible to suffer without making someone pay for it; every complaint already contains revenge." -Friedrich Nietzsche
"I am lucky, I'm the first to admit that." -J. J. Abrams
"I learn in a different way. I learn experientially." -Melinda Gates
"If I was not allowed to mention that I was in the film industry, I could go six months without getting a kiss." -Peter Farrelly
"I'm a loser on Sunday. Yeah, I'm a couch potato. I get up and try and eat and then back on the couch. And watch anything." -Adam Garcia
"I came up with a story and I wrote it." -E. L. James
"I would like one day to play an FBI cop, just so I can hold the gun and shoot." -Shanola Hampton
"It's always an uphill battle. You know, I'm a Republican in Maryland. This is the bluest of the blue." -Bob Ehrlich
"When I'm on the road, restaurants are like gyms: I know where I want to be in each city." -Triple H
"I was a big fan of Ron Howard of course, so it was fantastic to meet him." -Josephine de La Baume
"There are three musts that hold us back: I must do well. You must treat me well. And the world must be easy." -Albert Ellis
"It's hard being on a new network, a smaller network." -Jensen Ackles
"Winning is an amazing feeling. You don't get that in business; you don't get that in many things." -Tony Fernandes
"I don't exactly set out to only play creepy characters, it's just that a lot of those roles come my way." -Jodelle Ferland
"I want to have a cultural impact. I want to be an inspiration, to show people what can be done." -Sean Combs
"Toward no crimes have men shown themselves so cold- bloodedly cruel as in punishing differences of belief." -James Russell Lowell
"You will find poetry nowhere unless you bring some of it with you." -Joseph Joubert
"As for me, prizes are nothing. My prize is my work." -Katharine Hepburn
"I shop, therefore I am." -Tammy Faye Bakker
"I searched for years I found no love. I'm sure that love will never be a product of plasticity." -Frank Zappa
"There's nothing like success." -Dan Gable
"Herb is the healing of a nation, alcohol is the destruction." -Bob Marley
"I love the challenge of show business. It keeps me on my toes." -Henry Darrow
"My daughter is wonderful and incredibly well behaved. I am very lucky. She will always be my priority." -Jamelia
"Every decision you make is a mistake." -Edward Dahlberg
"Philosophy will clip an angel's wings." -John Keats
"I turned everybody on so, psychologically, I guess I was pushing the boundaries creativity." -Jim Capaldi
"Good schools underpin not only our economy, but the social fabric of our lives." -Donald L. Carcieri
"Write about society as news and treat it like sociology." -Clifton Daniel
"There is an eagle in me that wants to soar, and there is a hippopotamus in me that wants to wallow in the mud." -Carl Sandburg
"Theatre demands different muscles and different aspects of one's personality." -Victor Garber
"God is not present in idols. Your feelings are your god. The soul is your temple." -Chanakya
"I always laugh because people assume I love horror because I do a horror movie, but I'm not a huge horror fan." -Courtney Gains
"If you can't convince them, confuse them." -Harry S Truman
"What we call the secret of happiness is no more a secret than our willingness to choose life." -Leo Buscaglia
"Conformity is the jailer of freedom and the enemy of growth." -John F. Kennedy
"I know I'm not the 'Indie It Girl' and I'll never have a big breakout, big runaway success. And that's okay." -Kathleen Edwards
"I just find myself happy with the simple things. Appreciating the blessings God gave me." -DMX
"I have an equal amount of patience as my grade-school children, which is not great." -Mike D
"I am fully supportive of 'open service' and committed to LGBT military families." -Chuck Hagel
"The creative process is a process of surrender, not control." -Julia Cameron
"Being Irish, he had an abiding sense of tragedy, which sustained him through temporary periods of joy." -William Butler Yeats
"You have to be selfish to be an actor." -Charles Dance
"I've been lucky. Opportunities don't often come along. So, when they do, you have to grab them." -Audrey Hepburn
"Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work." -Aristotle
"Responsibility is the price of freedom." -Elbert Hubbard
"I think it's very boring for a director to always do the same kind of movies." -Guillaume Canet
"I don't know that I've ever been completely comfortable with anything." -Shannon Elizabeth
"I'm not super-conservative, but a bit of tradition is nice." -Josephine de La Baume
"But paying is part of the game of life: it is the joy of buying that we crave." -Gilbert Parker
"What is wealth? A dream of fools." -Abraham Cahan
"When I was a kid doing television, they'd stick a leather jacket on me, and I would be the thug." -Phil Daniels
"I've had a chance to fly a lot of different airplanes, but it was nothing like the shuttle ride." -Chris Hadfield
"I see parody as another form of comedy." -Bruce Campbell
"I never forgive, but I always forget." -Arthur Balfour
"I initially signed up for Twitter just to do jokes I wasn't going to do in my stand-up routine." -Jim Gaffigan
"I love driving around east London - it's always full of surprises. Actually, I don't drive myself - I like to be driven." -Zaha Hadid
"The biggest mistake to me is complacency." -Bonnie Hammer
"I'll just say it: I love Sundance; my very first film won Sundance." -Ron Eldard
"I did honest television. Real, live, honest television. That's what I did best." -Greg Garrison
"Passive pleasure is no pleasure at all." -Arthur Adamov
"I always thought of myself as some sort of athlete until I started playing golf a couple years ago." -James Caan
"You shouldn't be greedy. You should feel good about yourself and not be greedy of what other people have." -Gina Carano
"Like most writers, I find the Web is a wonderful distraction. Who doesn't need that last minute research before writing?" -Chris Abani
"Whenever a man encounters a woman in a mood he doesn't understand, he wants to know if she's tired." -George Jean Nathan
"It's not listed in the Bible, but my spiritual gift, my specific calling from God, is to be a television talk-show host." -Jim Bakker
"Why do I need succession planning? I'm very alert, I'm very vibrant. I have no intention to retire." -Sheldon Adelson
"The first recipe for happiness is: avoid too lengthy meditation on the past." -Andre Maurois
"Many who have spent a lifetime in it can tell us less of love than the child that lost a dog yesterday." -Thornton Wilder
"I would love to have the honor to get to work with Meryl Streep. I love her and I love her work." -Bailee Madison
"Many a man owes his success to his first wife and his second wife to his success." -Jim Backus
"You see much more of your children once they leave home." -Lucille Ball
"I always go for simplicity." -David Bailey
"Language is wine upon the lips." -Virginia Woolf
"Success comes when people act together; failure tends to happen alone." -Deepak Chopra
"I'm from Dallas. My whole family is based in Texas and Mississippi and Arkansas, spread throughout most of the South." -Jay R. Ferguson
"It is only hope which is real, and reality is a bitterness and a deceit." -William Makepeace Thackeray
"I'm a Buddhist, so one of my biggest beliefs is, 'Everything changes, don't take it personally.'" -Alan Ball
"I have a great time with my life, and I wanna share it." -Will Smith
"God's mercy and grace give me hope - for myself, and for our world." -Billy Graham
"I don't know what I'm doing, but I'm damn well gonna do it!" -Geri Halliwell
"No cause justifies the deaths of innocent people." -Albert Camus
"In film, you are a totally different person than in the video." -Aaliyah
"I've been forgotten by our Good Lord." -Jeanne Calment
"British acting is undoubtedly based in text, and American acting relies more on behavior. That's speaking very generally." -Josh Dallas
"There's always going to be somebody worse off than me." -Teri Garr
"The art market is global now, and there's becoming more of an international consensus about what constitutes good art." -Larry Gagosian
"Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves." -Albert Einstein
"My first album is a lot of my personal experiences. I wanted people to relate to what I've been through." -Rebecca Ferguson
"One irreducible residual of 38 years in the business is the number of lasting, loving friendships I have made." -Carroll O'Connor
"I have legs of iron, but to tell you the truth, they're starting to rust and buckle a bit." -Jeanne Calment
"I think that each character has fascinated and interested me enough to want to play him." -Derek Jacobi
"Nonsense is so good only because common sense is so limited." -George Santayana
"Babe Ruth was great. I'm just lucky." -Reggie Jackson
"When I started counting my blessings, my whole life turned around." -Willie Nelson
"When I first came to Hollywood, I used to dream of doing films and escaping television." -Billy Campbell
"Start every day off with a smile and get it over with." -W. C. Fields
"We should because when coaches get fired, the players have a lot to do with it." -Allen Iverson
"People who care about each other enjoy doing things for one another. They don't consider it servitude." -Ann Landers
"In war the heroes always outnumber the soldiers ten to one." -H. L. Mencken
"We would all like a reputation for generosity and we'd all like to buy it cheap." -Mignon McLaughlin
"A man has free choice to the extent that he is rational." -Thomas Aquinas
"Dreams are often most profound when they seem the most crazy." -Sigmund Freud
"I love Los Angeles, and I love Hollywood. They're beautiful. Everybody's plastic, but I love plastic. I want to be plastic." -Andy Warhol
"People got insights into what was bothering them, but they hardly did a damn thing to change." -Albert Ellis
"My future is full - it is limitless - and my passions for America will remain." -Michele Bachmann
"I am just an apprentice." -Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark
"Never exaggerate your faults, your friends will attend to that." -Bob Edwards
"The thinker dies, but his thoughts are beyond the reach of destruction. Men are mortal; but ideas are immortal." -Richard Adams
"I am a big, big geek at heart and a Sci-fi fan. And I love the Comic-Cons." -Paula Garces
"Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year." -Franklin Pierce Adams
"Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go." -William Feather
"In business it's about people. It's about relationships." -Kathy Ireland
"I am really more interested in questions than in giving answers." -Jostein Gaarder
"My original inspiration was my mom: a few years after the death of my dad, she started dating one my teachers!" -Meg Cabot
"There are people who never experience that, who remain closed until death, from fear of change." -Isabelle Adjani
"When I sold my first company at 30, I could have done whatever I wanted to do." -Shai Agassi
"We fall forward to succeed." -Mary Kay Ash
"Ecology should be object lessons that the world sees, that explains in a visceral, physical way, the attributes of God." -Joel Salatin
"As an actor, you have to be open to doing things where you look stupid, to be experimental." -Jesse Eisenberg
"I liked the idea of all of humanity fitting inside a sugar cube because more than 99.9% of matter is space." -Alan Davies
"Aerosmith went on The Simpsons and they had fun." -Leif Garrett
"A baseball swing is a very finely tuned instrument. It is repetition, and more repetition, then a little more after that." -Reggie Jackson
"Government, even in its best state, is but a necessary evil; in its worst state, an intolerable one." -Thomas Paine
"If at first you don't succeed... so much for skydiving." -Henny Youngman
"I drive girls crazy because I might call them 20 times in one day and then the next day not once." -Lapo Elkann
"If we do not discipline ourselves the world will do it for us." -William Feather
"If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself." -Henry Ford
"It takes time to be who you really want to be. It doesn't happen overnight." -Chanel Iman
"Of all the things which wisdom provides to make us entirely happy, much the greatest is the possession of friendship." -Epicurus
"I do not feel remorse. Everybody makes mistakes in war." -Abu Abbas
"You're dead if you aim only for kids. Adults are only kids grown up, anyway." -Walt Disney
"Don't change on me. Don't extort me unless you intend to do it forever." -Tupac Shakur
"When a man is tired of London, he is tired of life; for there is in London all that life can afford." -Samuel Johnson
"Teach me to feel another's woe, to hide the fault I see, that mercy I to others show, that mercy show to me." -Alexander Pope
"When you do something best in life, you don't really want to give that up - and for me it's tennis." -Roger Federer
"I'd never choose to turn the clock back." -Geri Halliwell
"You have to be willing to accept the idea that people may think you're stupid." -Anna Faris
"I feel like I'm constantly falling behind. I feel like every day I'm out of the office I'm falling behind." -Marc Andreesen
"You have to draw on your unconscious when you make a film - you can't worry about whether it's costing a lot of money." -Guillaume Canet
"Hence it happens that one takes words for concepts, and concepts for the things themselves." -Johann Georg Hamann
"Everyone suffers some injustice in life, and what better motivation than to help others not suffer in the same way." -Bella Thorne
"I have been working since I was 11 on everything including period dramas." -Tamsin Egerton
"I busted a mirror and got seven years bad luck, but my lawyer thinks he can get me five." -Steven Wright
"I need wrong to get laughs. I need a normal world so that I can be abnormal, and that's my problem. Comedians need prejudice." -Gallagher
"Keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final." -Roger Babson
"It is a cursed evil to any man to become as absorbed in any subject as I am in mine." -Charles Darwin
"Here lies a plain and simple Jew who wrote in plain and simple prose." -Sholom Aleichem
"For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul." -Judy Garland
"Being a manager is about getting into the minds of the people you represent." -Sandy Gallin
"I have failed 'Star Wars' trivia tests. People come up to me at conventions and use terms that I've never heard of." -Mark Hamill
"I cook every day." -Jennie Garth
"I've gotten to work with some great people. I've been really lucky." -Corey Haim
"I don't follow trends. I set my own and I go for the extreme." -JWoww
"There are moments when the human body can overcome things you would never expect." -Andres Iniesta
"I don't like the term 'ensemble.' It's bland to me." -Lorenzo di Bonaventura
"A good opening and a good ending make for a good film provide they come close together." -Federico Fellini
"Depression begins with disappointment. When disappointment festers in our soul, it leads to discouragement." -Joyce Meyer
"It is almost always a fault of one who loves not to realize when he ceases to be loved." -Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"I promise myself that I would go and do a play every year." -Michael Gambon
"The world is the great gymnasium where we come to make ourselves strong." -Swami Vivekananda
"I have no sense of direction at all. Thank the Lord for my TomTom, otherwise I'd spend my whole life lost." -Tamsin Egerton
"But Dennis was a really solid musician, and we really needed somebody who could play bass like him." -Neil Innes
"I'm kind of fixated with old Hollywood, like Marilyn Monroe." -Edy Ganem
"Headlines twice the size of the events." -John Galsworthy
"I was a terrible actor. The analytical part of my mind never quite let go." -Edward Hall
"I made the choice long ago to write about real life. And life is both serious and funny." -Paula Danziger
"In questions of science, the authority of a thousand is not worth the humble reasoning of a single individual." -Galileo Galilei
"Please all, and you will please none." -Aesop
"A little credulity helps one on through life very smoothly." -Elizabeth Gaskell
"I suppose that's one of the ironies of life doing the wrong thing at the right moment." -Charlie Chaplin
"Do the best you can, and don't take life too serious." -Will Rogers
"The only time I ever enjoyed ironing was the day I accidentally got gin in the steam iron." -Phyllis Diller
"Ignorance is never better than knowledge." -Enrico Fermi
"Your mind can do wonders, so scary movies are not the healthiest for me because it does freak me out." -Diora Baird
"You can't let one bad moment spoil a bunch of good ones." -Dale Earnhardt
"Happiness is not a matter of intensity but of balance, order, rhythm and harmony." -Thomas Merton
"I'm going to be doing exactly what I'm doing now - teaching people about animals." -Bindi Irwin
"In my personal life, I am very contemplative." -Antonio Banderas
"Threat is in the eye of the beholder." -Mohamed ElBaradei
"Science is simply common sense at its best, that is, rigidly accurate in observation, and merciless to fallacy in logic." -Thomas Huxley
"The Haitian people are gentle and lovable except for their enormous and unconscious cruelty." -Zora Neale Hurston
"It is not difficult to govern. All one has to do is not to offend the noble families." -Mencius
"The guy who invented the first wheel was an idiot. The guy who invented the other three, he was a genius." -Sid Caesar
"There is no success without hardship." -Sophocles
"You never know how - or when - the idea for a book will appear." -Deb Caletti
"Love is one of my main inspirations." -Enrique Iglesias
"In the end, all business operations can be reduced to three words: people, product, and profits." -Lee Iacocca
"Friendship is a very taxing and arduous form of leisure activity." -Mortimer Adler
"A lot of my friends are guys, so I'm used to bro antics." -Gillian Jacobs
"The physician's highest calling, his only calling, is to make sick people healthy - to heal, as it is termed." -Samuel Hahnemann
"Because I'm now successful, what I'm being offered as an actor is more and more of the same." -Jeremy Irons
"I represent the 'Wonder Woman' of the new world." -Gal Gadot
"Playwrights are the most gregarious writers - to get our work done, we need actors, directors, set designers." -Katori Hall
"I'm a happy camper because by doing this I have an opportunity to be on the cutting edge of research." -Geraldine Ferraro
"Selfishness is the greatest curse of the human race." -William E. Gladstone
"People who don't know me think I'm easy-going, but I'm a pessimist by nature and an old curmudgeon." -James Garner
"As far as the men who are running for president are concerned, they aren't even people I would date." -Nora Ephron
"Fandom is about fandom, it's a great big social club." -Greg Egan
"I absolutely did date Victoria Beckham, yes." -Corey Haim
"To err is human, but it feels divine." -Mae West
"This is very clever. They have created a system to cheat." -Charles Davenport
"Brass shines as fair to the ignorant as gold to the goldsmiths." -Elizabeth I
"When I'm out there on the field, I'm in a whole different world, you know? It's like, I'm just having so much fun." -Freddy Adu
"Before I would hurt a child, I would slit my wrists." -Michael Jackson
"You know, I'm Australian, and we have got the worst sense of humor. We are cruel to each other." -Steve Irwin
"I don't quite jump for joy, but I am awfully glad to see him." -Anne Bancroft
"Yes, I applied a lot of what I did in football to golf." -Hale Irwin
"There is a fellowship more quiet even than solitude, and which, rightly understood, is solitude made perfect." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"It is harder to preserve than to obtain liberty." -John C. Calhoun
"Common sense is not so common." -Voltaire
"I am an agnostic; I do not pretend to know what many ignorant men are sure of." -Clarence Darrow
"I worked as a secretary, a waitress and a dance teacher - all in high school." -Jennie Garth
"People, in whatever walk of life, would be surprised if they just gave themselves a chance by believing in what they are." -Hale Irwin
"People who drink to drown their sorrow should be told that sorrow knows how to swim." -Ann Landers
"I have a dark sense of humor." -Olivia Munn
"Love may be or it may not, but where it is, it ought to reveal itself in its immensity." -Honore de Balzac
"Fiorello LaGuardia saved City Center. The real man saved it, and he made this building into a performing arts venue." -Kate Baldwin
"I don't think I have ever met a single person who isn't moved by music of some kind." -Lesley Garrett
"Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none." -William Shakespeare
"Sometimes to realize you were well, someone must come along and hurt you." -Perry Farrell
"I'm a bit of a Luddite and I hate the internet." -Kirsty Gallacher
"If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything. I'm positive that a doer makes mistakes." -John Wooden
"The Mozilla Foundation is an independent, nonprofit organization." -Mitchell Baker
"In the U.K., there is a sort of obsession with class." -Laura Carmichael
"A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the word you first thought of." -Burt Bacharach
"If you don't love what you do, you won't do it with much conviction or passion." -Mia Hamm
"Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't recognize them." -Ann Landers
"I do not like assassins, or men of low character." -Gene Hackman
"I don't do drugs. I am drugs." -Salvador Dali
"Love is only a dirty trick played on us to achieve continuation of the species." -W. Somerset Maugham
"I still get wildly enthusiastic about little things... I play with leaves. I skip down the street and run against the wind." -Leo Buscaglia
"The true delight is in the finding out rather than in the knowing." -Isaac Asimov
"And the actors tend not to want to watch themselves very often. I'm one of those guys." -Jeff Daniels
"Five years from now I see myself still working hard to get where I want to be, because I think big." -Chanel Iman
"Whenever a thing is done for the first time, it releases a little demon." -Emily Dickinson
"The true enemies of Social Security and Medicare are those who defend an imploding status quo." -Mitch Daniels
"If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were." -Richard Bach
"Boys will be boys. And even that wouldn't matter if only we could prevent girls from being girls." -Anne Frank
"I wasn't really into body piercings until I found that about half my female students had them." -Kathy Acker
"I love having my hair blown dry by a stylist and I also truly enjoy being with my friends and family." -Elizabeth Daily
"I guess I've been making records since I was 16, and even when 50 people bought them, I thought that was amazing." -Katy B
"It felt good doing a physical job, and going home each evening feeling like I had really done a day's work." -James D'arcy
"Every generation needs a new revolution." -Jeff Rich
"The moment you say, 'I want to do a role,' the story suffers. I don't set priorities in terms of roles or scripts." -Boman Irani
"Don't try to impress people. Always be yourself!" -Bella Thorne
"I'd like to be a queen in people's hearts but I don't see myself being queen of this country." -Princess Diana
"In documentaries, you're confronted with reality; you can not manipulate or move it." -Jean-Pierre Dardenne
"We not only need to work happy, we need to work at being happy." -Shawn Achor
"I pretended to be somebody I wanted to be until finally I became that person. Or he became me." -Cary Grant
"I am not afraid of death, I just don't want to be there when it happens." -Woody Allen
"I don't think I was born beautiful. I just think I was born me." -Naomi Campbell
"One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time." -Andre Gide
"No man's credit is as good as his money." -John Dewey
"Conservation is a state of harmony between men and land." -Aldo Leopold
"For a lot of my childhood, I didn't want to direct movies because I didn't really know what directing was." -Peter Jackson
"I'm not much of a joke writer." -Ben Falcone
"Loneliness expresses the pain of being alone and solitude expresses the glory of being alone." -Paul Tillich
"I got to know every format of every station and who was on and what time." -Bob Edwards
"Most people assume that autistic people are not capable of empathy." -Claire Danes
"I'm a workaholic. Before long I'm traveling on my nervous energy alone. This is incredibly exhausting." -Eva Gabor
"I put those people in place. I trusted them. I had no idea they would do anything like this." -Bernard Ebbers
"In Israel, in order to be a realist you must believe in miracles." -David Ben-Gurion
"No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave." -Calvin Coolidge
"It's refreshing to see a woman who can artfully weave her individuality into an otherwise safe ensemble." -Nina Garcia
"Look to Africa, for there a king will be crowned." -Marcus Garvey
"Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome." -Isaac Asimov
"Affliction comes to us, not to make us sad but sober; not to make us sorry but wise." -H. G. Wells
"The greatest men, you can quote for everything." -John Acton
"Well, that our main concern is that Iraq should not become a divided country." -Bulent Ecevit
"Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them." -William Shakespeare
"Memory is man's greatest friend and worst enemy." -Gilbert Parker
"I WAS born a slave; but I never knew it till six years of happy childhood had passed away." -Harriet Ann Jacobs
"I mean, yeah, I want to lose some weight! I'm doing the best I can." -Billy Gardell
"A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty." -Winston Churchill
"I have no drawing talent whatsoever. I cannot do it." -Lizzy Caplan
"I made most of my living doing beauty, because I was never really the fashion person." -Sante D'Orazio
"It was only from an inner calm that man was able to discover and shape calm surroundings." -Stephen Gardiner
"In a war, you must hate somebody or love somebody; you must have a position or you cannot stand what goes on." -Robert Capa
"A solid sense of self will help a person to lead a full and happy life." -Kimberly Elise
"Enron and 9/11 marked the end of an era of individual freedom and the beginning of personal responsibility." -Jeffrey R. Immelt
"You can find your way across this country using burger joints the way a navigator uses stars." -Charles Kuralt
"There is no such things as 'best' in the world of individuals." -Hosea Ballou
"As an actor, all you want to do is to work and do good work." -Michelle Fairley
"I have gotten some of the most beautiful experiences that a person can possibly ask for so I'm not at all complaining." -Gina Carano
"There aren't always answers for the questions you're looking for, so I have to make peace with that sometimes." -Kathleen Edwards
"It is about this very abstract sense of displacement that he feels the moment he turns off the television." -Atom Egoyan
"Nothing is more prominently brought forward in the New Testament than the second coming of the Lord Jesus Christ." -John Nelson Darby
"Christopher Columbus, as everyone knows, is honored by posterity because he was the last to discover America." -James Joyce
"God save us from religion." -David Icke
"Don't rule out working with your hands. It does not preclude using your head." -Andy Rooney
"Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." -Anais Nin
"A wise system of education will at last teach us how little man yet knows, how much he has still to learn." -John Lubbock
"It's amazing. I can't believe how brilliant the whole thing is - my daughter, Georgia, is just wonderful." -Edward Hall
"So many people pass up older dogs, which is a shame. With an older dog, you know what you are getting." -Lisa Jakub
"I just want to keep acting and better my craft and see how far it goes." -Barkhad Abdi
"When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough." -Donald Trump
"The information I requested under the Freedom of Information Act has been blocked for two years." -Sibel Edmonds
"A pound of pluck is worth a ton of luck." -James A. Garfield
"Those who restrain their desires, do so because theirs is weak enough to be restrained." -William Blake
"The artist is the medium between his fantasies and the rest of the world." -Federico Fellini
"I dream of painting and then I paint my dream." -Vincent Van Gogh
"I don't think you need to go looking for the enemy. He's going to look for you." -Willie Aames
"If you're losing your soul and you know it, then you've still got a soul left to lose." -Charles Bukowski
"Art can never exist without naked beauty displayed." -William Blake
"Suffering is but another name for the teaching of experience, which is the parent of instruction and the schoolmaster of life." -Horace
"Winning is not everything, but wanting to win is." -Vince Lombardi
"Fashion is just an interpretation of the culture around us." -Nina Garcia
"I doubt anyone in Hollywood has had more 'dates' than me." -George Hamilton
"Great companies in the way they work, start with great leaders." -Steve Ballmer
"I am a camera with its shutter open, quite passive, recording, not thinking." -Christopher Isherwood
"I mean, I'm not a contrarian." -Lorenzo di Bonaventura
"It's been years, decades, since a president has lost a major trade initiative. That would be bad headlines." -Gwen Ifill
"No state on earth can afford to allow several authorities to co-exist next to one another." -Mahmoud Abbas
"I learned in an extremely hard way that the accountability falls with me." -Stephen Baldwin
"You have to love what you do to want to do it everyday." -Aaliyah
"I see badly, I hear badly, and I feel bad, but everything's fine." -Jeanne Calment
"You need to feed yourself with emotions and life or you'll become empty." -Guillaume Canet
"When dictatorship is a fact, revolution becomes a right." -Victor Hugo
"Self-realization is great." -Corey Feldman
"Where one man reads the Bible, a hundred read you and me." -Dwight L. Moody
"The dearest days in one's life are those that seem very far and very near at once." -Abraham Cahan
"Profit is sweet, even if it comes from deception." -Sophocles
"Wilderness is not a luxury but a necessity of the human spirit." -Edward Abbey
"The only mistake guys can make is to try too hard with their appearance. There's something very unmanly about it." -Jeremy Irvine
"When you are happy you can forgive a great deal." -Princess Diana
"I still have great faith in what is good and right in all of us." -Marvin Hamlisch
"I have always seen cold and controlled men as the right ones for me." -Elisabetta Canalis
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." -Theodore Roosevelt
"There comes a time in the affairs of man when he must take the bull by the tail and face the situation." -W. C. Fields
"Never take counsel of your fears." -Stonewall Jackson
"There are some ideas so wrong that only a very intelligent person could believe in them." -George Orwell
"I have found in black metal the lyrics are profoundly beautiful... a pathos and mythos at the same time." -Ryan Adams
"Touch is one of the most intuitive things in the world." -Jefferson Han
"This morning when I put on my underwear I could hear the fruit-of-the-loom guys laughing at me." -Rodney Dangerfield
"Well, I didn't really have a plan. I just wanted a hit." -Wanda Jackson
"About six years ago my family was affected by multiple sclerosis." -Frank Iero
"Arbitrary power is like most other things which are very hard, very liable to be broken." -Abigail Adams
"The loudest voices we hear are those who advocate conflict, divisiveness." -John C. Danforth
"Unless you love someone, nothing else makes any sense." -e. e. cummings
"I also know that I am not a great technician." -John Fahey
"The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' but 'That's funny...'" -Isaac Asimov
"Luxury must be comfortable, otherwise it is not luxury." -Coco Chanel
"To play in atmospheres that are intense is when I play my best football." -Mario Balotelli
"Your body has enough weight for you to be in perfect condition just working against yourself." -Jean-Claude Van Damme
"I think it's fair to say more adultery goes on in hotels than any other place in the world." -Andre Balazs
"I'm always astonished to see how badly people can behave when they think no one is noticing." -Diane Mott Davidson
"I just want to get to the level where I can say that that's my level, just try to play well, get up there." -Jennifer Capriati
"In poor countries, the rich and powerful crush the poor and powerless." -Adam Davidson
"The only way I can lose is if I'm caught in bed with either a dead girl or a live boy." -Edwin Edwards
"What you look like, whether you're Brad Pitt or Charles Laughton, is significant for actors." -Jack Davenport
"We're musicians. We make music for a living. It's that simple. Nothing else matters." -Eddie Van Halen
"I get the feeling people respect me and that there is affection for me. That makes me happy." -Andres Iniesta
"The closing years of life are like the end of a masquerade party, when the masks are dropped." -Cesare Pavese
"We are not merely passive pawns of historical forces; nor are we victims of the past. We can shape and direct history." -Daisaku Ikeda
"The thing about politics is to plan 10 years ahead, and assume every year is your last." -Ed Balls
"The police are not here to create disorder, they're here to preserve disorder." -Richard J. Daley
"I definitely love T.V." -Mark Indelicato
"I do think I tend to be typecast, but it doesn't necessarily bother me." -Jodelle Ferland
"Self-control means wanting to be effective at some random point in the infinite radiations of my spiritual existence." -Franz Kafka
"The pull between sound and syntax creates a kind of musical tension in the language that interests me." -Marilyn Hacker
"Turns out typecasting is a real thing." -Bill Hader
"Michael and I talk at least every two weeks. He understands why I've done the things I have." -LaToya Jackson
"Sometimes we are less unhappy in being deceived by those we love, than in being undeceived by them." -Lord Byron
"I'm not a big fan of CGI. I'm not a fan at all, unless they use it in a way that doesn't call attention to itself." -Billy Campbell
"I love anything quiz related." -Natasha Hamilton
"Dogs are not our whole life, but they make our lives whole." -Roger Caras
"Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art." -Andy Warhol
"Sometimes, unfortunately, hatred is more powerful than progress." -Katori Hall
"A man's character is his fate." -Heraclitus
"I look for what needs to be done. After all, that's how the universe designs itself." -R. Buckminster Fuller
"Life is tough, but it's tougher if you're stupid. " -John Wayne
"I like reading. I just hate school." -Armie Hammer
"All I'm for is the liberty of the individual." -John Wayne
"Every one soon or late comes round by Rome." -Robert Browning
"Every calamity is to be overcome by endurance." -Virgil
"No real English gentleman, in his secret soul, was ever sorry for the death of a political economist." -Walter Bagehot
"Logic is no answer to passion." -Herb Caen
"You must be the change you wish to see in the world." -Mahatma Gandhi
"With 'Anna Karenina,' I just think it's a stunning visual tour de force for a director who is at the top of his game." -Eric Fellner
"If you feel that you are good, don't be too proud of it." -Abraham Cahan
"In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
"You can retire from a job, but don't ever retire from making extremely meaningful contributions in life." -Stephen Covey
"Beauty is a manifestation of secret natural laws, which otherwise would have been hidden from us forever." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"I used to go to the gym regularly and swim an awful lot, but that was when I was unemployed and knew leisure intimately." -Mark Gatiss
"What is love? It is the morning and the evening star." -Sinclair Lewis
"Serbia is open for business." -Ivica Dacic
"When I was younger, I had big visions of changing the world." -Rick Danko
"I like poking my nose into other people's lives." -Helen Garner
"Do we have good writers, producers and actors in the U.K.? Yes we do." -Eric Fellner
"Most filmmaking is about shaking hands and just starting." -Abel Ferrara
"I got nasty habits; I take tea at three." -Mick Jagger
"The wise man is he who knows the relative value of things." -Dean Inge
"I have noticed that nothing I never said ever did me any harm." -Calvin Coolidge
"Shooting stuff on horseback is more complicated and time consuming than anything else." -Mark Addy
"Television probably has become the most evocative, widely observed signpost we have." -Robert Adams
"When my kids are in college, maybe I'll drag my fishnets and high heels out." -Sheena Easton
"I had moments of my actions and words not reflecting who it is I am - if that defines a punk, then yes, absolutely." -Andre Agassi
"I'm just saying that at least for the foreseeable future there won't be any more touring." -Glenn Danzig
"I don't believe in the after life, although I am bringing a change of underwear." -Woody Allen
"The moment you cheat for the sake of beauty, you know you're an artist." -David Hockney
"One should never write down or up to people, but out of yourself." -Christopher Isherwood
"Personally, I don't like a girlfriend to have a husband. If she'll fool her husband, I figure she'll fool me." -Orson Welles
"I don't want the iPod to be my defining thing." -Tony Fadell
"It simply is not cost affective to cover stories from independent sources." -Ben Edwards
"In 'Next to Normal,' I had millions of breakdowns and panic attacks, but nobody ever heard about those." -Jennifer Damiano
"The only difference between suicide and martyrdom is press coverage." -Chuck Palahniuk
"I have fun being sexy and tough at the same time." -Christina Aguilera
"There is no excellence without labor. One cannot dream oneself into either usefulness or happiness." -Liberty Hyde Bailey
"Leadership cannot just go along to get along. Leadership must meet the moral challenge of the day." -Jesse Jackson
"Fishing, with me, has always been an excuse to drink in the daytime." -Jimmy Cannon
"The cinema is there to heighten the imagination; I have always tried to make sure it does so." -Ken Adam
"With most tech guys, it's the same outfit every day - they wear their company logo." -Tony Fadell
"History laughs at both the victim and the aggressor." -Mahmoud Darwish
"I like the privacy of my life and I protect it quite vigilantly." -Nicole Kidman
"I love the game of baseball." -Nomar Garciaparra
"You never find yourself until you face the truth." -Pearl Bailey
"Every time you lose an animal, it's like losing a brick from the house. Pretty soon the house just falls down, you know?" -Bindi Irwin
"When you are 20 years old, you are immature." -Melky Cabrera
"To be content with little is hard; to be content with much, impossible." -Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
"Education is for improving the lives of others and for leaving your community and world better than you found it." -Marian Wright Edelman
"I feel at home in a lot of places, but I am truly an African-American." -Yaya DaCosta
"The time is near at hand which must determine whether Americans are to be free men or slaves." -George Washington
"A lot of people have been hyped up to be great but just disappeared. I promised myself I wouldn't be one of them." -Freddy Adu
"It really started cooking when I moved to Houston. I bought a house and got my own barbeque pit." -Earl Campbell
"I would love an upgrade from the Nielsen box; it feels so antiquated to me." -Nat Faxon
"The primary factor is proportions." -Arne Jacobsen
"If you wish to forget anything on the spot, make a note that this thing is to be remembered." -Edgar Allan Poe
"They who drink beer will think beer." -Washington Irving
"We love television because television brings us a world in which television does not exist." -Barbara Ehrenreich
"The spirit is there in every boy; it has to be discovered and brought to light." -Robert Baden-Powell
"Love is always being given where it is not required." -E. M. Forster
"I think that a lot of us at home are iron chefs in their own right in that we have to come up with meals real quickly." -Jose Garces
"I don't know what DVD commentaries are about. I'd like to strangle the person who came up with that concept." -Abel Ferrara
"Much of my work has come from being lazy." -John Backus
"America has always imported history." -Helmut Jahn
"Red lips and fragrance always top off an outfit for me." -Christina Aguilera
"God is a metaphor for that which transcends all levels of intellectual thought. It's as simple as that." -Joseph Campbell
"I'm never satisfied. I always want to achieve more." -Tyler Hamilton
"I enjoy seeing new places." -Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
"I don't write that much horror. People tell me my books are scary, but they're not really; I don't go there." -Melissa de la Cruz
"I don't want Daddy's passion to ever end. I want to help endangered wildlife just like he did." -Bindi Irwin
"These are the times that try men's souls." -Thomas Paine
"Kindly words do not enter so deeply into men as a reputation for kindness." -Mencius
"I have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around, I want to be in control of it." -Clint Eastwood
"Look, this job has always been a crucible of conflict." -Bruce Babbitt
"From a good book, I want to be taken to the very edge. I want a glimpse into that outer darkness." -Mark Haddon
"But mostly, I wrote songs and Viv wrote songs." -Neil Innes
"Motivation is simple. You eliminate those who are not motivated." -Lou Holtz
"Nicknames stick to people, and the most ridiculous are the most adhesive." -Thomas Chandler Haliburton
"God never made a promise that was too good to be true." -Dwight L. Moody
"I almost never listen to the radio." -Bjarke Ingels
"When somebody says, 'Action,' I act. When they say, 'Cut,' that's my job. I've done it." -James Callis
"I can't go back to yesterday - because I was a different person then." -Lewis Carroll
"Men of ill judgment ignore the good that lies within their hands, till they have lost it." -Sophocles
"I was slapped down to the ground when my son Wade died in 1996, in April of 1996." -John Edwards
"To get a hold on boys you must be their friend." -Robert Baden-Powell
"I used to be scared of uncertainty; now I get a high out of it." -Jensen Ackles
"Why? Will no man ever do something without a why? Just like that? For the hell of it?" -Michael Cacoyannis
"Our concept is not that America should operate alone or by itself in world affairs or in military affairs." -Douglas Feith
"You'd be surprised how addicting high self-esteem is." -Fergie
"Every linguistic sign is located on two axes: the axis of simultaneity and that of succession." -Roman Jakobson
"I'm making music for the people. If y'all love the music, y'all gonna buy the music." -The Notorious B.I.G.
"Simply because something is a populist movement doesn't make it either good or bad." -P. J. O'Rourke
"I think I can lead a pretty anonymous life, yeah." -Hugh Dancy
"A fool is a man who never tried an experiment in his life." -Erasmus Darwin
"Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life." -Immanuel Kant
"Some people would rather stay ignorant and self-satisfied." -Janis Ian
"I was always handsome under all the fat." -Robert Iler
"Real courage is knowing what faces you and knowing how to face it." -Timothy Dalton
"I'm just competitive. It doesn't matter what it is. I want to win." -Allyson Felix
"The English was really my mother, it was never me. Being the daughter of my father, I always felt very French." -Charlotte Gainsbourg
"Iraq is not about oil." -Bobby Ray Inman
"Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it." -Lou Holtz
"I think I'm gonna wear Timberlands until I die, man. They may not be the hottest thing out, but Timbs keep reinventing themselves." -DMX
"Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards." -Aldous Huxley
"I am using soybean based ink, which is recyclable." -Rick Danko
"The more things you do, the more you can do." -Lucille Ball
"Where the state begins, individual liberty ceases, and vice versa." -Mikhail Bakunin
"Urban farming is not only possible, it is crucial. But it can't be like the farming techniques of yore." -Homaro Cantu
"With Aerobic Strip Tease, you can do it at home - it makes it easier for women that don't want to go to the gym." -Carmen Electra
"So the darkness shall be the light, and the stillness the dancing." -T. S. Eliot
"Matter is a term contrary to soul. But nonsoul is its contradictory. Whatever is not soul is nonsoul." -Virchand Gandhi
"Confidence comes from discipline and training." -Robert Kiyosaki
"I like to eat pizza and spaghetti pomodoro, and I'm crazy for dessert. I like all of them: cassata, cheesecake, biscuits." -Stefano Gabbana
"Of all the tyrannies that affect mankind, tyranny in religion is the worst." -Thomas Paine
"I've got a great ambition to die of exhaustion rather than boredom." -Thomas Carlyle
"Basically, I'm living the life of an actress in L.A. And I've recently had some pretty good fortune." -Olivia Munn
"There is poetry as soon as we realize that we possess nothing." -John Cage
"Our morbidly obese federal government needs not just behavior modification but bariatric surgery." -Mitch Daniels
"I learned at an early age that I was given something special when I was born, and that was the gift of music." -Randy Bachman
"There is no belittling worse than to over praise a man." -Owen Feltham
"We tolerate shapes in human beings that would horrify us if we saw them in a horse." -Dean Inge
"The most disadvantageous peace is better than the most just war." -Desiderius Erasmus
"And when I perform on my own tour, I have to talk myself into going out on that stage every single night." -Colbie Caillat
"Fashion doesn't look good only on models; it can look good on different people of different ages and different body shapes." -Alber Elbaz
"We all need each other." -Leo Buscaglia
"Great Britain has lost an empire and has not yet found a role." -Dean Acheson
"People who do not know how to laugh are always pompous and self-conceited." -William Makepeace Thackeray
"I believe in a higher power and I believe in good and bad, right and wrong. You sleep in the bed you make." -Leif Garrett
"I had a good theater career for years. I played Hamlet when I was 22, and I've played some really great roles." -Jason Gann
"Science is organized common sense where many a beautiful theory was killed by an ugly fact." -Thomas Huxley
"Well you know, I have the utmost respect for people like Angelina Jolie and Zoe Saldana in 'Colombiana. '" -Gina Carano
"So, fall asleep love, loved by me... for I know love, I am loved by thee." -Robert Browning
"Man is descended from a hairy, tailed quadruped, probably arboreal in its habits." -Charles Darwin
"A good fart joke makes me bawl with laughter, so will somebody farting. And the word 'poo.' You can't beat a good poo joke." -Jenny Eclair
"I now truly believe it is impossible for me to make a bad movie." -Jean-Claude Van Damme
"I greatly fear some of America's greatest and most dangerous enemies are such as think themselves her best friends." -Nathan Hale
"I like adventure." -Marc Garneau
"It's an indulgence to sit in a room and discuss your beliefs as if they were a juicy piece of gossip." -Robert A. Heinlein
"Tolerance is another word for indifference." -W. Somerset Maugham
"When my father would yell at me, I told myself someday I'd use it in a book." -Paula Danziger
"I'm an angry guy." -James Gandolfini
"I feel that one of the hardest things in acting is the way you need to switch your emotions." -Abhishek Bachchan
"The years from about eight to twelve constitute a unique period of human life." -G. Stanley Hall
"Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays." -Soren Kierkegaard
"My family is Native American, and I was raised with Native American ceremonies." -Eric Balfour
"Heads of France lead from a palace, and traditionally they retire to a cloud." -Rosecrans Baldwin
"The refusal to acknowledge the scientific value of embryonic stem cell research is one more tragic misstep." -Lois Capps
"Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you." -Satchel Paige
"I'm a total Democrat. I'm anti-Republican. And it's only fair that you know it... I'm liberal. The L word!" -Lauren Bacall
"I would rather do really good French films than 'American Pie.'" -Guillaume Canet
"Inflated descriptions by the pen or exaggerated illustrations by the pencil." -Grace Darling
"I'm introverted by nature, and I need to have some things of my own." -Debby Ryan
"Education is the only solution for peace." -Emmanuel Jal
"A leader in the Democratic Party is a boss, in the Republican Party he is a leader." -Harry S Truman
"The important thing is not so much that every child should be taught, as that every child should be given the wish to learn." -John Lubbock
"The torture of a bad conscience is the hell of a living soul." -John Calvin
"Boredom: the desire for desires." -Leo Tolstoy
"When we think about the past, we think, 'It must have been so boring.' It's actually not." -Caitriona Balfe
"Life has brought me work to do on myself these past two years." -Isabelle Adjani
"I may have aimed too high sometimes, asked too much of myself and demanded too little from those around me." -Agnetha Faltskog
"Courage is found in unlikely places." -J. R. R. Tolkien
"The true work of art is but a shadow of the divine perfection." -Michelangelo
"I wasn't a good rule-breaker when I was younger." -John Gallagher, Jr.
"For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"I had wanted to be a dancer when I was younger. But at some point I figured out I was a better singer." -Katy B
"I have lived long enough both in years and in accomplishments." -Julius Caesar
"The problem - when you cast your net that wide - is you inevitably catch something you don't want to catch." -Edward Felten
"In neurotics, worm phobias are usually found as well as snake phobias." -Karl Abraham
"That's what supporting the troops is really all about - making sure American grunts get the right stuff!" -David Hackworth
"Everytime a child says 'I don't believe in fairies' there is a a little fairy somewhere that falls down dead." -James M. Barrie
"Saying and doing are two things." -Matthew Henry
"My first record came out in 1961 and then I had one come out in 1962 and then I had two that came out in 1964." -Hasil Adkins
"I have to say I have never been comfortable with somebody else telling me what to do - in any way." -Daryl Hall
"I would like to sing the theme tune of a big film - something like 'Titanic.'" -Agnetha Faltskog
"I am what I am, I'm doing very well in my life, and I'm thankful to God for that." -LL Cool J
"As the class struggle sharpens in the U.S. Marxism will come into its own as a great popular study." -C. L. R. James
"I only like two kinds of men, domestic and imported." -Mae West
"The most memorable moment was playing drums with Bob Dylan." -Jenna Elfman
"Today, nostalgia is almost as unacceptable as racism." -Terry Eagleton
"The great writers of aphorisms read as if they had all known each other well." -Elias Canetti
"We live in the world when we love it." -Rabindranath Tagore
"You can be rich in spirit, kindness, love and all those things that you can't put a dollar sign on." -Dolly Parton
"It's wrong for parents to bury their children. It should be the other way around." -Rose Kennedy
"Metal guys are huge nerds. A good percentage of them are either horror or sci-fi or comic book or fantasy nerds." -Scott Ian
"That's the good thing about being president, I can do whatever I want." -Barack Obama
"I mean, I am driven and laid-back at the same time." -Alan Jackson
"These young guys are playing checkers. I'm out there playing chess." -Kobe Bryant
"I have family in Italy that my mother keeps in contact with, but I don't because I don't speak Italian." -Pauly D
"To work with Ken Branagh was amazing; it was always a dream of mine to work with a man as creative and talented as that." -Josh Dallas
"As long as we persevere and endure, we can get anything we want." -Mike Tyson
"What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality." -Plutarch
"I work in fantasy all day, so when I go home, I want to touch reality." -Johnny Galecki
"When the President does it, that means that it's not illegal." -Richard M. Nixon
"I find it painful and angering to look in a mirror." -Jack Henry Abbott
"When you reach the top, that's when the climb begins." -Michael Caine
"Originality is the art of concealing your source." -Franklin P. Jones
"On the iPhone I tended to draw with my thumb. Whereas the moment I got to the iPad, I found myself using every finger." -David Hockney
"You really can change the world if you care enough." -Marian Wright Edelman
"Who hears music feels his solitude peopled at once." -Robert Browning
"Where there is no temple there shall be no homes." -T. S. Eliot
"I believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity, an obligation; every possession, a duty." -John D. Rockefeller
"You're always concerned for your character. You should be." -James Callis
"I know no national boundary where the Negro is concerned. The whole world is my province until Africa is free." -Marcus Garvey
"Everything makes me nervous - except making films." -Elizabeth Taylor
"If you wished to be loved, love." -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"When I have an idea, it goes from vague, cloudy notion to 100,000 words in a heartbeat." -Lynn Abbey
"If you want to go anywhere in modern war, in the air, on the sea, on the land, you must have command of the air." -William Halsey
"The warning message we sent the Russians was a calculated ambiguity that would be clearly understood." -Alexander Haig
"Nothing in our times has become so unattractive as virtue." -Edward Dahlberg
"Bertelsmann understood our vision when they first invested in us... They still believe in that vision." -Shawn Fanning
"Never envy a man his lady. Behind it all lays a living hell." -Charles Bukowski
"Things could be worse. You remember that, and you go on with your life." -Kevin Bacon
"It is the ability to take a joke, not make one, that proves you have a sense of humor." -Max Eastman
"You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you." -Walt Disney
"My adolescence was a kind of motorway pile-up. I wish I had known that one day the geek would inherit the Earth." -Peter Capaldi
"It's tangible, it's solid, it's beautiful. It's artistic, from my standpoint, and I just love real estate." -Donald Trump
"Who could have asked for anything better? I was cast in movies with great actors, with great leading men." -Julie Adams
"Birds evolved from a small raptor like theropod." -Robert T. Bakker
"Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel." -Jimi Hendrix
"People want chat histories. They're a permanent testimony of a relationship." -Brian Acton
"I am thinking of taking a fifth wife. Why not? Solomon had a thousand wives and he is a synonym for wisdom." -John Barrymore
"You have to have your wits about you and think quickly on your feet." -Michael East
"I do belong on stage." -Chris Daughtry
"I started designing the greenest the most connected home before the iPhone and the iPad." -Tony Fadell
"Individuals can spend their money more wisely, efficiently and more humanely than can government." -Larry Elder
"In the past, two colleagues died each season. It was generally accepted this could happen." -Jacky Ickx
"Hollywood's great, but wrestling is my first love." -Triple H
"Fortunately, it's still not too late to develop a comprehensive global strategy to eliminate our real enemy." -David Hackworth
"Puberty for a girl is like floating down a broadening river into an open sea." -G. Stanley Hall
"And for far too long, the Democrats have had a monopoly on black votes in this country." -Alphonso Jackson
"Paul is a very creative artist but I'm more that thorough, meticulous, disciplined nut." -Art Garfunkel
"The older I get, the more open-minded I get, the less judgmental I get." -Gwyneth Paltrow
"Yankee Stadium, and the Yankees are so famous for Mickey Mantle, Joe DiMaggio, Lou Gehrig, all of those guys." -Bert Campaneris
"I don't miss 'EastEnders.' I did a two-stretch. That was enough." -Phil Daniels
"The main reason people want to pay for Spotify is really portability. People are saying, 'I want to have my music with me.'" -Daniel Ek
"I've always been fascinated by intelligence and how our brains work, and how they can be improved." -Clare Balding
"I think if there's a great depression there might be some hope." -Lawrence Ferlinghetti
"He that is jealous is not in love." -Saint Augustine
"Since knowledge is but sorrow's spy, It is not safe to know." -William Davenant
"Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but of playing a poor hand well." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"You don't have to invent the wheel, but you might want to be the company that invents the rims." -MC Hammer
"You want a friend in Washington? Get a dog." -Harry S Truman
"Knowledge is the treasure of a wise man." -William Penn
"Sure my career means a hell of a lot, but it will never come before Sandy and my son." -Bobby Darin
"I really don't even think of myself as being Jewish except when I'm in Germany." -Peter Eisenman
"As we know, forgiveness of oneself is the hardest of all the forgivenesses." -Joan Baez
"I don't get paid what people think I get paid for fighting." -Gina Carano
"Hotness is uniqueness and just being yourself - that's hot." -Ryan Cabrera
"You think that being a girl is degrading, but secretly, you'd love to know what it's like, wouldn't you?" -Charlotte Gainsbourg
"We failed, but in the good providence of God apparent failure often proves a blessing." -Robert E. Lee
"I was surrounded by strong women so it had never even occurred to me that women were anything other than equal to men." -David Bailey
"Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret." -Miguel Angel Ruiz
"A career in the theatre demands so much commitment." -Jim Dale
"Cruelty towards others is always also cruelty towards ourselves." -Paul Tillich
"If you believe in God, believe in Death Row East." -Tupac Shakur
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." -Peter Drucker
"For when a child is born the mother also is born again." -Gilbert Parker
"It takes an endless amount of history to make even a little tradition." -Henry James
"Laughter is a tranquilizer with no side effects." -Arnold H. Glasow
"I get very homesick, but otherwise it's a great privilege to get to travel for work." -Jesse Eisenberg
"There are no great limits to growth because there are no limits of human intelligence, imagination, and wonder." -Ronald Reagan
"Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one." -Marcus Aurelius
"It's sheer torture. I have to be up with the chickens every day and go to work on my body. I hate it, but I do it." -Eva Gabor
"Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness." -Oprah Winfrey
"This is the hardest thing I've ever done. The rehab has not gone as expected." -Jennifer Capriati
"'My Family Recipe Rocks' is on the Live Well Network, and we go to people's homes and watch them cook." -Joey Fatone
"Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude." -Zig Ziglar
"I don't care if I get $50m to do a film." -Abel Ferrara
"Maybe the one I enjoyed playing most was A Month in the Country." -Uta Hagen
"There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self." -Aldous Huxley
"The Pope? How many divisions has he got?" -Joseph Stalin
"The courage to be is the courage to accept oneself, in spite of being unacceptable." -Paul Tillich
"Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance." -Samuel Johnson
"The greatest accomplishment is not in never falling, but in rising again after you fall." -Vince Lombardi
"My goal in Korea is to win. There's no timetable when to set the American record." -Ashton Eaton
"Once you become the story off-screen, you are less likely to be the onscreen one." -Max Irons
"He is in a gunfight right now. I'm gonna have to take a message." -Erika Eleniak
"Not knowing anything is the sweetest life." -Sophocles
"Everyday holds the possibility of a miracle." -Elizabeth David
"Live, so you do not have to look back and say: 'God, how I have wasted my life.'" -Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
"A thing is mighty big when time and distance cannot shrink it." -Zora Neale Hurston
"Because of 'Lost,' particularly, J.J. Abrams's fans are all over his stuff." -Ron Eldard
"Hope of ill gain is the beginning of loss." -Democritus
"I'm looking for a world where love will no longer be extraordinary." -Patch Adams
"Beauties in vain their pretty eyes may roll; charms strike the sight, but merit wins the soul." -Alexander Pope
"Every time I get a role I think, 'I've actually fooled them again, I can't believe they keep falling for this!'" -Jeremy Irvine
"The words of truth are simple." -Aeschylus
"If I can't be happy, nobody can be happy." -Amanda Eliasch
"The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows." -Aristotle Onassis
"Freedom is a universal value." -Jan Peter Balkenende
"Typical mergers happen when there are two competitors coming together, and they reduce overhead." -Tony Fadell
"I like putting my money into things like food and shelter. I'm probably a bad example of an investor." -Simon Baker
"The role of a clown and a physician are the same - it's to elevate the possible and to relieve suffering." -Patch Adams
"You have to remember a lot of business is very cyclical." -James Daly
"And you don't want to just totally mess up the rhythm when you're playing with Bob Dylan." -Jenna Elfman
"I used to write a lot of songs. I was an English major in college. I was a deluded poet for a year. Totally deluded." -Paul Dano
"Sex education may be a good idea in the schools, but I don't believe the kids should be given homework." -Bill Cosby
"If a man went simply by what he saw, he might be tempted to affirm that the essence of democracy is melodrama." -Irving Babbitt
"Every player wants to be as complete as possible and goals for a central midfielder are very important." -Andres Iniesta
"Scientists have become the bearers of the torch of discovery in our quest for knowledge." -Stephen Hawking
"I use the rules to frustrate the law. But I didn't set up the ground rules." -F. Lee Bailey
"The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain." -Dolly Parton
"But Sneaky Pete was great. I didn't bug him about Gram. Not too much, anyway." -Evan Dando
"A real pleasure is a pleasure that one enjoys by one's self, without a companion, and without a single argument." -Sholom Aleichem
"Digital data are more fragile than printed material." -Robert Darnton
"Imagination is the highest kite one can fly." -Lauren Bacall
"Will power is only the tensile strength of one's own disposition. One cannot increase it by a single ounce." -Cesare Pavese
"I learned early that you only have so much energy to give. You have to spend it correctly." -Eva Gabor
"Nietzsche claimed that his genius was in his nostrils and I think that is a very excellent place for it to be." -Federico Fellini
"I've only seen a handful of short clips of my U.S. Open win. I remember how I did it; I don't need to watch a video." -Angel Cabrera
"And the fact that I liked to show off and be the center of attention really lends itself to figure skating very well." -Scott Hamilton
"To do the same thing over and over again is not only boredom: it is to be controlled by rather than to control what you do." -Heraclitus
"Jesus died to forgive our sins. Dare we make his martyrdom meaningless by not committing them?" -Jules Feiffer
"I will not give up to sing until the people say it's enough. I hope it will be very late." -Julio Iglesias
"What I finally did in 1995 was I said, I'm going to get out of this town and I'm going to go out West." -Bruce Babbitt
"I have a very haute couture way of working." -John Galliano
"Charming women can true converts make, We love the precepts for the teacher's sake." -George Farquhar
"I have insecurities of course, but I don't hang out with anyone who points them out to me." -Adele
"Before, for me, peace could have been synonymous with boredom." -Isabelle Adjani
"Time flies over us, but leaves its shadow behind." -Nathaniel Hawthorne
"At our age, you don't want to stop." -Alex Van Halen
"My advice to young film-makers is this: don't follow trends, start them!" -Frank Capra
"I get a lot of inspiration from the audience feedback to our live shows." -Donnie Iris
"I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"I think the 16 years that I spent in Green Bay speaks for itself." -Brett Favre
"I go to a club to relax and hear the music on a big sound system. I don't go to pull a guy." -Katy B
"Without music, life would be a mistake." -Friedrich Nietzsche
"Though familiarity may not breed contempt, it takes off the edge of admiration." -William Hazlitt
"Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth." -Muhammad Ali
"All my roots are Broadway. I got my Equity Card doing a Broadway show, and my first love is theater." -Jesse Tyler Ferguson
"Would they call me a diva if I were a guy?" -Zaha Hadid
"I don't care. I feel like if we don't make a trade, we have to get it done with what we've got." -Allen Iverson
"I worked for Sam Peckinpah on quite a bit of action in his films, and he got excited once in a while." -Richard Farnsworth
"I don't have a problem being labeled a sex symbol, though I personally don't feel very sexy about myself." -John Abraham
"I think it's unnecessary to be mean for the sake of being mean, but I do believe you have to be truthful, but with love." -Geri Halliwell
"Of course, I will keep myself fit, keep my boots clean and you never know." -Paul Ince
"No one would talk much in society if they knew how often they misunderstood others." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"It does not matter what film you're making. If you're young and there's romance in the movie, it's compared to 'Twilight'." -Jake Abel
"All my roots are still in the prarie country of the Middle West." -James Norman Hall
"The almost insoluble task is to let neither the power of others, nor our own powerlessness, stupefy us." -Theodor Adorno
"Let me say this: I think men are a full-time job, and I'm young and I already have one job. I'm just focused on my career." -Chanel Iman
"The guys I grew up with, my cinematic heroes, have always been men of few words, but of action. Clint Eastwood, Eli Wallach." -Adam Baldwin
"Lenin, the greatest theorist of them all, did not know what he was going to do after he had got the power." -Garet Garrett
"The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once." -Albert Einstein
"If American politics are too dirty for women to take part in, there's something wrong with American politics." -Edna Ferber
"All I want to do is be a good dad, but I'm pretty bad at it." -Jim Gaffigan
"When I have to cry, I think about my love life. When I have to laugh, I think about my love life." -Glenda Jackson
"Respect is what we owe; love, what we give." -Philip James Bailey
"You don't need to be the good guy to get a good message out." -LL Cool J
"The diverse sound of my music makes it a good fit for that demographic." -B.o.B
"If you do not expect the unexpected you will not find it, for it is not to be reached by search or trail." -Heraclitus
"Only those things are beautiful which are inspired by madness and written by reason." -Andre Gide
"We didn't make no mistakes. We didn't make no mistakes." -Joseph Jackson
"A bottle of wine begs to be shared; I have never met a miserly wine lover." -Clifton Fadiman
"As the Father has loved me, so have I loved you." -Jesus Christ
"I find something fascinating about the quiet man in the background who has no desire to be the center of attention." -Christian Bale
"America is false to the past, false to the present, and solemnly binds herself to be false to the future." -Frederick Douglass
"The imagination of our children is blunted on television, and their thinking is done for them." -Stanley R. Jaffe
"I represented the people of Hawaii and this nation honestly and to the best of my ability. I think I did okay." -Daniel Inouye
"Every luxury must be paid for, and everything is a luxury, starting with being in this world." -Cesare Pavese
"If nothing is at risk, nothing is established." -Brian Ferneyhough
"I must govern the clock, not be governed by it." -Golda Meir
"While I thought that I was learning how to live, I have been learning how to die." -Leonardo da Vinci
"The universe is not required to be in perfect harmony with human ambition." -Carl Sagan
"No beast has ever conquered the earth; and the natural world has never been conquered by muscular force." -Liberty Hyde Bailey
"Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens." -J. R. R. Tolkien
"I started out as a Cold Warrior, even my last years in grade school." -Alexander Haig
"Crimes, like virtues, are their own rewards." -George Farquhar
"To me not one thing is better than anything else, I'm completely proud of everything I've written and recorded." -Jerry Cantrell
"I don't mind getting beaten, but I hate to lose." -Reggie Jackson
"I like duos with percussionists. I like the songs that percussionists sing." -Derek Bailey
"No man ever became great or good except through many and great mistakes." -William E. Gladstone
"The only thing we have learnt from experience is that we learn nothing from experience." -Chinua Achebe
"We have to distrust each other. It is our only defense against betrayal." -Tennessee Williams
"The wonderful thing about Clint is you can never second guess how he is going to react to anything." -Paul Haggis
"My father's a character." -Bryan Adams
"Poverty is not a disgrace, but it's terribly inconvenient." -Milton Berle
"The purpose of computing is insight, not numbers." -Richard Hamming
"I've been very lucky, considering what I look like and what I do." -James Gandolfini
"Why, in such a case, should the performer essay any sort of considered approach at all?" -Brian Ferneyhough
"Pitching is always a weird, difficult thing." -J. J. Abrams
"Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them." -John C. Maxwell
"Nip the shoots of arbitrary power in the bud, is the only maxim which can ever preserve the liberties of any people." -John Quincy Adams
"I'm a Broadway baby, through and through. It's my first love, and it's what brought me to New York in the first place." -Cheyenne Jackson
"Be a dreamer. If you don't know how to dream, you're dead." -Jim Valvano
"What the cops did to Rodney King was wrong, and the officers who beat him should be sent straight to prison." -Eazy-E
"If you serve well, your volleys are going to be so much easier. It has got to do with confidence, obviously." -Stefan Edberg
"Home is where one starts from." -T. S. Eliot
"The first step is you have to say that you can." -Will Smith
"These days, it's often women in uniform - moms, wives, even grandmothers - who deploy and leave their families behind." -Tulsi Gabbard
"America is simultaneously the most attractive and most repulsive place on the planet. It is most loved and most hated." -Dinesh D'Souza
"We build too many walls and not enough bridges." -Isaac Newton
"Motherhood: All love begins and ends there." -Robert Browning
"I never diet. I smoke. I drink now and then. I never work out." -Naomi Campbell
"Independence is happiness." -Susan B. Anthony
"Where mercy, love, and pity dwell, there God is dwelling too." -William Blake
"Being beautiful is not so fun when you're in a business with all men." -Lady Gaga
"A fanatic is one who sticks to his guns whether they're loaded or not." -Franklin P. Jones
"There can never be peace between nations until there is first known that true peace which is within the souls of men." -Black Elk
"No struggle can ever succeed without women participating side by side with men." -Muhammad Ali Jinnah
"The coach's job is to get the best players and get them to play together." -Bernard Ebbers
"What makes me different from everybody else just boils down to dissatisfaction." -Jay Electronica
"I am equally proud of all of my architectural projects. It's always rewarding to see an ambitious design become reality." -Zaha Hadid
"I've never been enamoured by the idea of being a celebrity." -Bryan Adams
"It's fun doing new things." -Rick Baker
"I hate careless flattery, the kind that exhausts you in your efforts to believe it." -Wilson Mizner
"I was interested in Java the beginning, but the problem with Java is you do have to switch your platform." -Miguel de Icaza
"Everything in this world has a hidden meaning." -Nikos Kazantzakis
"My songs are like cheap Neil Young copies." -Randy Bachman
"I need to go play football. I don't care about anything else." -Freddy Adu
"It's a good thing I don't read everything Eddie says, or I'd be up in arms and not enjoying my life." -Sammy Hagar
"Our first show, 'A Little Nightmare Music,' encompasses a lot of zany humor with beautiful classical music." -Aleksey Igudesman
"They say Formula One is a market which it can't be, obviously. Our market is independent, it's a sport." -Bernie Ecclestone
"In any grass-roots campaign, building an ongoing base of support is as important as winning the ultimate goal." -Patricia Ireland
"I would rather be respected than elected." -Charles Edison
"So, my advice to young scientists is, think critically about your work; probably don't blab unnecessarily." -Peter Agre
"Often times the public school teachers are ridiculed or they are made to feel inferior but this is really undeserved." -Peter Agre
"Whatever you may look like, marry a man your own age - as your beauty fades, so will his eyesight." -Phyllis Diller
"I'm not exactly a maths genius - I'm really good at maths, maths was my favorite subject in school, but I wasn't a genius." -Matt Dallas
"The mountains are calling and I must go." -John Muir
"I tricked myself into doing this movie." -Casey Affleck
"I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it." -Pablo Picasso
"Creativity is always a leap of faith. You're faced with a blank page, blank easel, or an empty stage." -Julia Cameron
"Becoming a solo singer is like going from an eau de toilette to a perfume. It's much more intense." -Geri Halliwell
"Reading is a basic tool in the living of a good life." -Joseph Addison
"I was put here to sing." -Ronald Isley
"Hope is being able to see that there is light despite all of the darkness." -Desmond Tutu
"It's my constitutional right to have my choice of who I want to vote for for president." -Stacey Dash
"When I think of some of my earlier work, it really seems a fortunate coincidence that I succeeded." -Helmut Jahn
"It seems a bit weird to call someone your girlfriend when you have a child." -Jason Isaacs
"There's a way to do it better - find it." -Thomas A. Edison
"Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures." -Henry Ward Beecher
"You're going to have to bring your 'A' game." -Ryan Hall
"My first wish is to see this plague of mankind, war, banished from the earth." -George Washington
"I used to play the piano when I was younger, and I loved Alicia Keys. I wanted to be Alicia Keys; she was such an idol to me." -Katy B
"If you don't know where you are going, you might wind up someplace else." -Yogi Berra
"We have wasted History like a bunch of drunks shooting dice back in the men's crapper of the local bar." -Charles Bukowski
"If a person is treated like a patient, they are apt to act like one." -Frances Farmer
"Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much." -Blaise Pascal
"I would rather be first in a little Iberian village than second in Rome." -Epicurus
"A man who fears suffering is already suffering from what he fears." -Michel de Montaigne
"The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails." -William Arthur Ward
"If you think somebody cares about you and believes your life is worth saving, how can you give up?" -Geraldine Ferraro
"I wouldn't make an anti-American film. I'm one of the most pro-American foreigners I know. I love America and Americans." -Michael Caine
"Archaeologists are underpaid publicity agents for deceased royalty." -John Agar
"There are two kinds of fools: those who can't change their opinions and those who won't." -Josh Billings
"A forest bird never wants a cage." -Henrik Ibsen
"Seek the lofty by reading, hearing and seeing great work at some moment every day." -Thornton Wilder
"The bicycle, the bicycle surely, should always be the vehicle of novelists and poets." -Christopher Morley
"I understood immediately that to get success I had to make for the front door, not for the back one." -Jean Gabin
"All of our code is open source, so it can be used for other projects." -Miguel de Icaza
"To be fond of dancing was a certain step towards falling in love." -Jane Austen
"I liked the theater. I liked the people. I liked the time that we worked." -Jeremy Irons
"If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in 5 years there'd be a shortage of sand." -Milton Friedman
"Language is much closer to film than painting is." -Sergei Eisenstein
"I hope that I'm always struggling, really. You develop when you're struggling. When you're struggling, you get stronger." -Andrew Garfield
"One of my top 10 favorite movies of all time was 'South Park: Bigger, Longer & Uncut.' 'Team America' is a work of genius to me." -Josh Gad
"Every production of an artist should be the expression of an adventure of his soul." -W. Somerset Maugham
"He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature." -Socrates
"I've learned that you simply can't control those bad vibes." -Kenny G
"Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts." -John Wooden
"I'm always doing comedy and will never hit up a 9-to-5 desk job." -Brandon T. Jackson
"When you're curious, you find lots of interesting things to do." -Walt Disney
"The bold are helpless without cleverness." -Euripides
"What other dungeon is so dark as one's own heart! What jailer so inexorable as one's self!" -Nathaniel Hawthorne
"There is no religion that was founded on intolerance - and no religion that does not value the sanctity of human life." -Mohamed ElBaradei
"Liberate the minds of men and ultimately you will liberate the bodies of men." -Marcus Garvey
"I eat three meals a day and three juices a day." -Georgia May Jagger
"I write across genres so I see them, more often, as complementary instead of separated by boundaries." -Julianna Baggott
"Peace begins with a smile." -Mother Teresa
"With an eye made quiet by the power of harmony, and the deep power of joy, we see into the life of things." -William Wordsworth
"That's all nonviolence is - organized love." -Joan Baez
"Much melancholy has devolved upon mankind, and it is detestable to me that might will triumph in the end." -Karel Capek
"Growing up, I was very much interested in jazz music." -Jan Hammer
"When you're young, the silliest notions seem the greatest achievements." -Pearl Bailey
"So, where's the Cannes Film Festival being held this year?" -Christina Aguilera
"As an actress people always tease me like: if there's anything you can do to make yourself unattractive you will do it." -Amy Adams
"People say I am ruthless. I am not ruthless. And if I find the man who is calling me ruthless, I shall destroy him." -Robert Kennedy
"I haven't really thought about where to scatter my ashes when the time comes, but I doubt that it would be in space." -Scott Bakula
"Never settle with words what you can accomplish with a flamethrower." -Bruce Feirstein
"Find me a man who's interesting enough to have dinner with and I'll be happy." -Lauren Bacall
"If you are lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it." -John Irving
"People are always good company when they are doing what they really enjoy." -Samuel Butler
"Here's the secret to finishing that first book. Don't rewrite as you go." -Laurell K. Hamilton
"Senators, like everyone else, want to feel a part of this decision-making process. They want to feel included." -Tom Daschle
"Technology teaches passivity. Absorbed in our devices - at any age - we are absorbed in someone else's perspective." -Julia Cameron
"For tis not in mere death that men die most." -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
"Sex is a two-way treat." -Franklin P. Jones
"I'm leaving because the weather is too good. I hate London when it's not raining." -Groucho Marx
"No law can give or take away the choice to commit suicide." -Maggie Gallagher
"For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth." -Bo Bennett
"Arafat contradicts himself every five minutes. He always plays the double-cross, lies even if you ask him what time it is." -Oriana Fallaci
"If you haven't got love, you've got nothing." -Rebecca Ferguson
"The permanent power brokers of this city are the columnists." -Hugh Newell Jacobsen
"It is not reason which makes faith hard, but life." -Jean Ingelow
"I'm not in the business of harassing anybody." -Jim Garrison
"I don't think there's a back lot here in Hollywood anymore that has those streets, like a French Quarter." -Glenn Danzig
"The infinite God can not by us, in the present limitation of our faculties, be comprehended or conceived." -William Hamilton
"I left home when I was 17 with Joe Williams." -David Edwards
"The love that lasts longest is the love that is never returned." -W. Somerset Maugham
"Destroyers were the first to herald our entrance into the war." -Josephus Daniels
"He who establishes his argument by noise and command shows that his reason is weak." -Michel de Montaigne
"I feel very strongly when there's no chance for me to find a key to a piece." -Jan Garbarek
"The American Indian was an individualist in religion as in war. He had neither a national army nor an organized church." -Charles Eastman
"Sometimes it works, sometimes it fails, but that's what we face when we're dealing with improvisation." -Jan Garbarek
"Hope smiles from the threshold of the year to come, whispering, 'It will be happier.'" -Alfred Lord Tennyson
"Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and finds himself no wiser than before." -Kurt Vonnegut
"You never know how much time you have with someone." -Lisa Jakub
"There's something really great and romantic about being poor and sleeping on couches." -Ben Affleck
"I have had hundreds of people work for me over the years, and I don't think I ever fired anybody." -Tom T. Hall
"I would rather have been shot straight-up in cold blood-but to be set up? By people who you trusted? That's bad." -Tupac Shakur
"I typically start out almost every speech I give making some kind of joke about me being in a wheelchair." -Greg Abbott
"My M.O. over the years is that I make things better, where people give me that freedom." -Michael Ironside
"London, that great cesspool into which all the loungers and idlers of the Empire are irresistibly drained." -Arthur Conan Doyle
"Friends at school were always quite shocked that we holidayed in Nigeria, but it was all pretty middle-class, really." -Chiwetel Ejiofor
"Nobody loves a woman because she is handsome or ugly, stupid or intelligent. We love because we love." -Honore de Balzac
"It's sort of interesting how, when you get older, things that were once so important sort of fall away." -Kate Bosworth
"Then Mission Impossible brought me to Australia and that was great because I fell in love." -Jane Badler
"Mediocre minds usually dismiss anything which reaches beyond their own understanding." -Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"Just cause you got the monkey off your back doesn't mean the circus has left town." -George Carlin
"The Beatles will never get back together and David Lee Roth will never again sing with Van Halen." -Alex Van Halen
"We all have our time machines. Some take us back, they're called memories. Some take us forward, they're called dreams." -Jeremy Irons
"War... some people glamorise war and glorify war. It's not nice, from whatever point of view you come from." -Gerry Adams
"A good husband is never the first to go to sleep at night or the last to awake in the morning." -Honore de Balzac
"In the absence of justice, what is sovereignty but organized robbery?" -Saint Augustine
"I used to work about 100 hours a week; now it's about 70. But 40 hours? Forget about it. Either you're all in, or your not." -Tony Fadell
"That might have a lot to do with it, but you know, I probably don't show fear, but I suffer from fear like everyone else." -Steve Irwin
"Think like a wise man but communicate in the language of the people." -William Butler Yeats
"You must not fight too often with one enemy, or you will teach him all your art of war." -Napoleon Bonaparte
"You know you've been around a long time when your stuntman says, 'Yeah, my grandfather doubled you.'" -M. C. Gainey
"I felt self-conscious going out in the street prior to ever even being in a movie. That's just me." -Jesse Eisenberg
"There's nothing like being a soldier for confidence or learning your limits or enduring utter humiliation." -Guy Davenport
"My father went to Rutgers, and I grew up in New Jersey, so I'm a great Rutgers fan. I have season tickets." -Peter Eisenman
"I guess I lead a double life, and I must admit I'm happy with both." -Yvonne De Carlo
"To me, there's two kinds of music these days. There's ephemeral music, and there's music that has lasting power and depth." -Daryl Hall
"I have been making wire jewelry - and think I'll really do something with it, eventually." -Alexander Calder
"The principle that light can be in two places at the same time is absolutely extraordinary." -Alan Davies
"I could never figure out why photography and art had separate histories. So I decided to explore both." -John Baldessari
"I don't think much about the digital world... because I am in the analog world!" -William Eggleston
"Sooner or later you learn that you belong in the big leagues, and that makes you calm down." -Dennis Eckersley
"I've always had high ambitions and aspirations." -James Dashner
"Half of figure skating is opinion, convincing judges." -Scott Hamilton
"Adults are just outdated children." -Dr. Seuss
"Only the hand that erases can write the true thing." -Meister Eckhart
"He not busy being born is busy dying." -Bob Dylan
"Cinema has become a global economy, totally international." -Lasse Hallstrom
"Courageous people do not fear forgiving, for the sake of peace." -Nelson Mandela
"Eventually, I think Chicago will be the most beautiful great city left in the world." -Frank Lloyd Wright
"Old San Francisco - the one so many nostalgics yearn for - had buildings that related well to each other." -Herb Caen
"Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude." -Ralph Marston
"You'd be surprised. Girls like sensitive, namby-pamby guys." -Lizzy Caplan
"My process of working is that I don't create a picture, I find it." -Sante D'Orazio
"Much unhappiness has come into the world because of bewilderment and things left unsaid." -Fyodor Dostoevsky
"Most ballet teachers in the United States are terrible. If they were in medicine, everyone would be poisoned." -George Balanchine
"Music was my refuge. I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness." -Maya Angelou
"Forty is the old age of youth, fifty is the youth of old age." -Hosea Ballou
"Your determination, selflessness and courage have brought the freedom struggle towards its fulfilment." -Gerry Adams
"If thy brother wrongs thee, remember not so much his wrong-doing, but more than ever that he is thy brother." -Epictetus
"I'd rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate." -George Burns
"When I have a terrible need of - shall I say the word - religion. Then I go out and paint the stars." -Vincent Van Gogh
"The problem with having a sense of humor is often that people you use it on aren't in a very good mood." -Lou Holtz
"I'm just thankful to have a tour and work something I can focus on." -Jerry Cantrell
"I was a team sports guy, but I don't do that anymore. When I work out, it's alone." -Jamie Bamber
"In the middle of the journey of our life I came to myself within a dark wood where the straight way was lost." -Dante Alighieri
"I consume an enormous number of books, but they're always on a particular subject because I'm obsessive." -George Hamilton
"We're not earthly beings any more... we're cosmic beings." -Eden Ahbez
"I see myself as a story teller." -E. L. James
"I'm at the beginning of it. I'm Elektra's last job before the story kicks off." -Jason Isaacs
"Status-driven, conspicuous consumption thrives from the language of novelty." -Tim Jackson
"I never, ever read the comments below an article on the Web. People are mean. I'm a human being." -Katori Hall
"I tend to think you're fearless when you recognize why you should be scared of things, but do them anyway." -Christian Bale
"Being a songwriter, singer, and a great part of a unit is more important than being Joe Guitar Hero." -Vivian Campbell
"If you want anything done well, do it yourself. This is why most people laugh at their own jokes." -Bob Edwards
"If you're going through hell, keep going." -Winston Churchill
"I sang a lot growing up; I always loved music." -Brian d'Arcy James
"When all of your wishes are granted, many of your dreams will be destroyed." -Marilyn Manson
"Our true nationality is mankind." -H. G. Wells
"I don't have this obsessive need to do street art all the time because it's already opened doors for me." -Shepard Fairey
"Trust should be the basis for all our moral training." -Robert Baden-Powell
"Congratulations. I knew the record would stand until it was broken." -Yogi Berra
"Perhaps one has to be very old before one learns to be amused rather than shocked." -Robert Browning
"A fool too late bewares when all the peril is past." -Elizabeth I
"The most important thing in my life is to live my life and enjoy it - to do what I think is right and what I think is good." -Jaye Davidson
"I do not want a husband who honours me as a queen, if he does not love me as a woman." -Elizabeth I
"I'm the girl next door, not the sex symbol." -Carla Gallo
"I began both auditioning with Pearl Jam and recording for Eleven. In the fall of 1994, I joined Pearl Jam." -Jack Irons
"There is nothing more uncommon than common sense." -Frank Lloyd Wright
"Without hope we are lost." -Mahmoud Darwish
"Comfort is definitely important to me, especially when I'm running around." -Jacquelyn Jablonski
"The national pastime is juiced." -Jose Canseco
"An honest politician is one who, when he is bought, will stay bought." -Simon Cameron
"Because in the New Normal you are more worried about the return of your capital, not return on your capital." -Mohamed El-Erian
"If I believe that I am right, I will take it to the end of the earth until I am proven right." -Bill Ackman
"When you can impress your mom by saying you've been to someone's concert, you know you're pretty lame." -Gillian Jacobs
"I'm a survivor - a living example of what people can go through and survive." -Elizabeth Taylor
"Peace and justice are two sides of the same coin." -Dwight D. Eisenhower
"Yeah, I'm a thrill seeker, but crikey, education's the most important thing." -Steve Irwin
"I didn't like mundane life." -Jeanne Calment
"There is no love which does not become help." -Paul Tillich
"The best thinking has been done in solitude. The worst has been done in turmoil." -Thomas A. Edison
"He hit me 18 times while I was in the act of falling." -Max Baer
"It's so hard to find a director who, when you look at their body of work, you like everything." -Lorenzo di Bonaventura
"There are those whose sole claim to profundity is the discovery of exceptions to the rules." -Paul Eldridge
"I don't let anyone's insecurities, emotions, or opinions bother me. I know that if I am happy, that's all that matters to me." -Demi Lovato
"You can only govern men by serving them. The rule is without exception." -Victor Kiam
"Everything starts and finishes with the soldier." -Mike Jackson
"Be smarter than other people, just don't tell them so." -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"The presence of the Holy Spirit is the keystone of all our hopes." -John Nelson Darby
"The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate." -Oprah Winfrey
"You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor." -Aristotle
"Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal." -Henry Ford
"Before 'Jersey Shore,' I was a DJ struggling to promote, deejaying six nights a week and hustling to pack clubs." -Pauly D
"You have to see my show to believe that I'm the only unique Nina Hagen on this planet." -Nina Hagen
"As long as a word remains unspoken, you are its master; once you utter it, you are its slave." -Solomon Ibn Gabirol
"I have no fear that the candle lighted in Palestine years ago will ever be put out." -Dean Inge
"No man is good enough to govern any woman without her consent." -Susan B. Anthony
"I like down-to-Earth characters, but I also like being able to get outside my box of knowledge." -Britt Robertson
"I don't try to intimidate anybody before a fight. That's nonsense. I intimidate people by hitting them." -Mike Tyson
"Some people wanted champagne and caviar when they should have had beer and hot dogs." -Dwight D. Eisenhower
"Derivatives are financial weapons of mass destruction." -Warren Buffett
"The discipline of the written word punishes both stupidity and dishonesty." -John Steinbeck
"Misery's fine - as long as you know you can get out of it when you want to." -Arthur Adamov
"I mean, I've been in a hundred and fifty films; I don't want to just sit around and talk about things." -Michael Ironside
"What people want, above all, is order." -Stephen Gardiner
"Men should have rough hands and be strong." -Scott Caan
"I've only got one wrinkle, and I'm sitting on it." -Jeanne Calment
"I don't think being black has held me back at all. Being black makes you strong." -Anita Baker
"Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit." -Elbert Hubbard
"I am very pro-royal. Britain without them would be a sadder place." -Alison Jackson
"When I go abroad I always sail from Boston because it is such a pleasant place to get away from." -Oliver Herford
"I'll never try to put on a fake image. I'm just Zac." -Zac Efron
"The world is full of people who have never, since childhood, met an open doorway with an open mind." -E. B. White
"There is nothing so stable as change." -Bob Dylan
"Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past." -George Orwell
"I hope I am remembered by my children as a good father." -Orson Scott Card
"There is always room at the top - after the investigation." -Oliver Herford
"Trials teach us what we are; they dig up the soil, and let us see what we are made of." -Charles Spurgeon
"Anytime you see a turtle up on top of a fence post, you know he had some help." -Alex Haley
"When men stop believing in God, it isn't that they then believe in nothing: they believe in everything." -Umberto Eco
"Humor is healing." -Brad Garrett
"Be brave. Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience." -Paulo Coelho
"If you have any trouble sounding condescending, find a Unix user to show you how it's done." -Scott Adams
"Avoiding combat duty was and is an unforgivable sin for a professional soldier." -John Eisenhower
"Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it." -Confucius
"People seldom do what they believe in. They do what is convenient, then repent." -Bob Dylan
"Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money." -Johnny Cash
"I listen to a lot of old stuff like Smokey Robinson, Marvin Gaye, and The Temptations." -Brett Davern
"God doesn't seek for golden vessels, and does not ask for silver ones, but He must have clean ones." -Dwight L. Moody
"I don't have an iPod! It's never appealed to me, really." -Freema Agyeman
"God has just given me such an amazing journey and able to play; it's been so much fun. I'm having a blast!" -Bailee Madison
"There is no error so monstrous that it fails to find defenders among the ablest men." -Lord Acton
"Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men." -Confucius
"All I can do is be me, whoever that is." -Bob Dylan
"I realize that protest paintings are not exactly in vogue, but I've done many." -Robert Indiana
"I can't say it's not painful being estranged from most of my family. I wish it could be otherwise." -LaToya Jackson
"Every role I do is a dream role for me because I can't imagine I'm doing it." -Genelia D'Souza
"If fear is the great enemy of intimacy, love is its true friend." -Henri Nouwen
"I'm a huge fan of anything touched by the Neptunes." -David Gallagher
"I argue thee that love is life. And life hath immortality." -Emily Dickinson
"Further, a defensive policy involves the loss of the initiative, with all the consequent disadvantages to the defender." -Douglas Haig
"I love to take something ordinary and make it really special." -Ina Garten
"People are trapped in history and history is trapped in them." -James A. Baldwin
"The education cuts in the President's budget are both irresponsible and morally unjustifiable." -Chaka Fattah
"I always knew that I wanted to do something in business and I prepared myself for that." -Earl Campbell
"I trust the flow of life." -Marketa Irglova
"Some people are making such thorough preparation for rainy days that they aren't enjoying today's sunshine." -William Feather
"Big doesn't necessarily mean better. Sunflowers aren't better than violets." -Edna Ferber
"Silver and gold are not the only coin; virtue too passes current all over the world." -Euripides
"The man of science has learned to believe in justification, not by faith, but by verification." -Thomas Huxley
"I am more afraid of alcohol than of all the bullets of the enemy." -Stonewall Jackson
"I enjoy being a girl." -Paloma Faith
"The fact is that great musical pieces take and hold the stage because they provide great emotional experiences." -Sarah Caldwell
"I don't know any jokes, which is embarrassing. I wish I did." -Marty Feldman
"By 17, I was submitting to publications and collecting my first rejection slips." -Laurell K. Hamilton
"The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are." -Joseph Campbell
"I won't give up my day job of design." -Kathy Ireland
"I know what people laugh at. I know their vocabulary." -Gallagher
"There isn't a single windmill owner in Holland who doesn't have a second job, for when there is no wind." -Johnny Ball
"It's always good to be underestimated." -Donald Trump
"The pictures are there, and you just take them." -Robert Capa
"The long-term solution in preventing another famine in Somalia is to promote self-reliance." -Hawa Abdi
"The books are funny and sad, and that's what people respond to." -Paula Danziger
"The universe never did make sense; I suspect it was built on government contract." -Robert A. Heinlein
"I wasn't the high-school play queen or anything. And my parents would let not me act until I graduated from college." -Gwyneth Paltrow
"It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver." -Mahatma Gandhi
"From a strictly articulatory point of view there is no succession of sounds." -Roman Jakobson
"I am God's wheat, and I shall be ground by the teeth of beasts, that I may become the pure bread of Christ." -Ignatius of Antioch
"Time spent with cats is never wasted." -Sigmund Freud
"Democracy is now going forth on a crusade against imperialism." -Irving Babbitt
"The break down for kids is communication. Music helps bring that bond." -Sheila E.
"'Crazy' is a term of art; 'Insane' is a term of law. Remember that, and you will save yourself a lot of trouble." -Hunter S. Thompson
"I resolved to stop accumulating and begin the infinitely more serious and difficult task of wise distribution." -Andrew Carnegie
"But Saudi Arabia is surprising in a lot of ways. Like any place, or any people, it relentlessly defies easy categorization." -Dave Eggers
"The secret of all victory lies in the organization of the non-obvious." -Marcus Aurelius
"The biggest human temptation is to settle for too little." -Thomas Merton
"If you were a son of mine, I wouldn't want you to be an architect, because it's a tough way to be in the world." -Peter Eisenman
"To sit in the shade on a fine day and look upon verdure is the most perfect refreshment." -Jane Austen
"Example is the best precept." -Aesop
"Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge." -Carl Sagan
"I always want to give more than I gave yesterday." -Allyson Felix
"The only greatness for man is immortality." -James Dean
"Cobb is a prick. But he sure can hit. God Almighty, that man can hit." -Babe Ruth
"You must never tire fighting Satan." -Abraham Cahan
"I am my own sanctuary and I can be reborn as many times as I choose throughout my life." -Lady Gaga
"I'm unshockable, fortunately - or unfortunately." -Jaye Davidson
"When you are older, you realise that everything else is just nothing compared to painting and drawing." -David Hockney
"Have an anchor so that life doesn't toss you around." -Debby Ryan
"I was putting all those pressures on myself." -Charlotte Gainsbourg
"Against her ankles as she trod The lucky buttercups did nod." -Jean Ingelow
"Remember that nobody will ever get ahead of you as long as he is kicking you in the seat of the pants." -Walter Winchell
"Charm is an intangible. Chutzpah, charm, charisma, that kind of thing, you can't buy it. You either have it or you don't." -Colm Feore
"Well, let me, first of all, say, that as a microtonal composer, I've never been much of a theorist." -John Eaton
"Obviously I wouldn't be able to do it without the support of so many people." -Jamelia
"My organs are too powerful... I manufacture blood and fat too rapidly." -Robert Baldwin
"Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time." -Elbert Hubbard
"In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by." -Lucille Ball
"Eyes and ears are poor witnesses to people if they have uncultured souls." -Heraclitus
"I have had more trouble with myself than with any other man." -Dwight L. Moody
"We just can't shake monogamy. It definitely demands a kind of rigor and discipline and selflessness. But it's also fun." -Claire Danes
"High aims form high characters, and great objects bring out great minds." -Tryon Edwards
"Kids are falling through the cracks and nobody notices it. That to me is what's wrong with the school system." -Melinda Gates
"No one is born hating others." -Daisaku Ikeda
"Growing up, I wanted desperately to please, to be a good girl." -Claire Danes
"Good teachers know how to bring out the best in students." -Charles Kuralt
"I'm actually a pretty good tennis player!" -Randy Jackson
"Virtue has a veil, vice a mask." -Victor Hugo
"One mind can think only of its own questions; it rarely surprises itself." -Orson Scott Card
"There are only two kinds of men: the righteous who think they are sinners and the sinners who think they are righteous." -Blaise Pascal
"When I'm on the road, I'll break my exercise into a cardio session and a weights session." -Robert Irvine
"Every song is like a painting." -Dick Dale
"The gap in education in this country, the unfairness of the schools, is one of the great unfairness in this society." -Gaston Caperton
"Every great story seems to begin with a snake." -Nicolas Cage
"Love is our true destiny. We do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone - we find it with another." -Thomas Merton
"An important and fundamental premise of the American judicial system is the presumption of innocence, that is until proven guilty." -DMX
"There is no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather." -John Ruskin
"I like to think I've grown as a writer and taken some risks, but I still consider myself to be a literary writer." -Kim Edwards
"Treat everyone the way you would want to be treated... this can be applied to any situation." -Dante Hall
"I hope for the day when everyone can speak again of God without embarrassment." -Paul Tillich
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." -Franklin D. Roosevelt
"I'm part wood nymph. I require mountains and warm, dense patches of moss to thrive." -Vera Farmiga
"From a small seed a mighty trunk may grow." -Aeschylus
"Maturity is only a short break in adolescence." -Jules Feiffer
"Reality is the leading cause of stress among those in touch with it." -Lily Tomlin
"Where's your will to be weird?" -Jim Morrison
"My professional life in Hollywood has been filled with joy and laughter." -Carroll O'Connor
"Thou hast created us for Thyself, and our heart is not quiet until it rests in Thee." -Saint Augustine
"It's an amazing thing to say, 'I'm beautiful,' without feeling like you're cocky." -Christina Aguilera
"I love the food, the girls, the sky and everything that is Delhi. I have very fond memories of the Moolchand flyover." -Vir Das
"I live in fear of being a contented passenger. I'd rather get parts I can't play." -Michael Gambon
"In the last century, as we learned more about genes, we were able to devise ways of accelerating evolution." -Nina Fedoroff
"A poet in history is divine, but a poet in the next room is a joke." -Max Eastman
"Ideas aren't magical; the only tricky part is holding on to one long enough to get it written down." -Lynn Abbey
"My father was an amateur filmmaker who shot 8mm color documentaries." -Lasse Hallstrom
"The things that we love tell us what we are." -Thomas Aquinas
"It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company." -George Washington
"Politics have no relation to morals." -Niccolo Machiavelli
"There can be no truce between science and religion." -John B. S. Haldane
"Education without values, as useful as it is, seems rather to make man a more clever devil." -C. S. Lewis
"Knowledge of human nature is the beginning and end of political education." -Henry Adams
"I think women love a passionate love story." -E. L. James
"You learn from mistakes." -Diane Abbott
"Big sisters are the crab grass in the lawn of life." -Charles M. Schulz
"As prime minister, I will never make a decision that will be an injustice to Serbia and its citizens." -Ivica Dacic
"I'm always inspired to write, and it's usually my own life experiences that inspire me." -Kat Edmonson
"I see people detained for simple INS violations." -Sibel Edmonds
"Bad guys have more fun." -David Gallagher
"Serbia has become a pariah nation, untouchable like a leper." -Ivica Dacic
"He is not a lover who does not love forever." -Euripides
"As an adolescent I wrote comic books, because I read lots of them, and fantasy novels set in Malaysia and Central Africa." -Umberto Eco
"You can't defend the indefensible - anything you say sounds self-serving and hypocritical." -Diane Abbott
"It is a very rare man who does not victimize the helpless." -James Baldwin
"I hope I'll consider my next part, having learnt from this one." -Charlotte Gainsbourg
"I first got interested in DJing when I was a little kid. I just love music... Music's my passion; it's always been my whole life." -Pauly D
"Children don't run around outside as much as they did. They sit in front of computer games." -Toyo Ito
"First you take a drink, then the drink takes a drink, then the drink takes you." -F. Scott Fitzgerald
"The greatness of a nation can be judged by the way its animals are treated." -Mahatma Gandhi
"I have this burgeoning reputation for playing a scumbag." -Tim Daly
"My first show, in England, was called 'Soldier, Soldier.'" -James Callis
"You are only as good as the people you dress." -Halston
"I got by as a musician since day one. I don't live beyond my means. I have real cheap tastes." -Chris Isaak
"Perfection doesn't exist." -Andres Iniesta
"I only wish I had more time for fund raising." -Nido Qubein
"The standardized American is largely a myth created not least by Americans themselves." -Irwin Edman
"And what is religion, you might ask. It's a technology of living." -Toni Cade Bambara
"The habit of being happy enables one to be freed, or largely freed, from the domination of outward conditions." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"I used to have to save my allowances to buy a quart of rubber to make a mask, and it's how I spent all my free time." -Rick Baker
"Poetry comes from the highest happiness or the deepest sorrow." -A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
"If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress." -Barack Obama
"Nothing recedes like success." -Walter Winchell
"I dreaded having a boring life when I grew up. And I certainly can't complain about being bored." -Ina May Gaskin
"The devil is compromise." -Henrik Ibsen
"I feel like Jim Carrey is probably the closest thing to a true physical comedian that we have working today." -Josh Gad
"We can't keep playing catch up as we have done for every season I've been here." -Paul Ince
"A gentleman is simply a patient wolf." -Lana Turner
"But we used to go to flea markets and things, and look for old 78 records that had silly song titles." -Neil Innes
"We have to spend a lot more time training people to be good advocates of U.S. business." -Lawrence Eagleburger
"The more knowledge you have, the greater will be your fear of Allah." -Abu Bakr
"There are lots of people I admire and respect, but I don't necessarily want to be like them. I'm to happy being myself." -James D'arcy
"Another mode of accumulating power arises from lifting a weight and then allowing it to fall." -Charles Babbage
"A woman, especially, if she have the misfortune of knowing anything, should conceal it as well as she can." -Jane Austen
"All of the men on my staff can type." -Bella Abzug
"The job of the writer is to make revolution irresistible." -Toni Cade Bambara
"I am a real ham. I love an audience. I work better with an audience. I am dead, in fact, without one." -Lucille Ball
"If you laid all our laws end to end, there would be no end." -Arthur Baer
"None of the abstract concepts comes closer to fulfilled utopia than that of eternal peace." -Theodor Adorno
"I made up my mind to be an actress when I was 4 years old." -Eva Gabor
"The road to success is always under construction." -Lily Tomlin
"You marry somebody; you love everything about them. You grow to learn about them. You never learn everything." -Chris Daughtry
"The faces I see in the modeling industry can get dull." -Kevyn Aucoin
"Like De Niro. He's one of the best character actors we have ever had." -Vincent D'Onofrio
"I think about the work I've landed, and I think to myself, 'If I never land a job again, I could still die happy.'" -Grey Damon
"One can imagine that the ultimate mathematician is one who can see analogies between analogies." -Stefan Banach
"Casseroles are one-pot-wonders!" -Carla Hall
"But I dig myself, and especially if my wife digs me, I dig myself more." -Johnny Damon
"I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury." -Groucho Marx
"Supreme Court arguments and decisions are fascinating to a few of us and really pretty boring to most." -Dan Abrams
"A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends." -Baltasar Gracian
"Different' and 'new' is relatively easy. Doing something that's genuinely better is very hard." -Jonathan Ive
"Vanity is the quicksand of reason." -George Sand
"Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God." -Jesus Christ
"Music is my life." -Robert Iler
"We have too many high-sounding words, and too few actions that correspond with them." -Abigail Adams
"The power of fortune is confessed only by the miserable, for the happy impute all their success to prudence or merit." -Jonathan Swift
"Music, art, theater. I'm just a big fan of beauty." -Jerry Hall
"Any person who contributes to prosperity must prosper in turn." -Earl Nightingale
"It's not like you can wake up and realize, 'Oh, I want intimacy,' and then it happens that day." -Joey Lauren Adams
"The issue which has swept down the centuries and which will have to be fought sooner or later is the people versus the banks." -Lord Acton
"You learn in this business: It you want a friend, get a dog." -Carl Icahn
"That's what the right-wing is good at: figuring out the left wing." -Kathy Acker
"I like going there for golf. America's one vast golf course these days." -Edward VIII
"I decided to write about the myths of divorce." -Mary Garden
"There is no complete theory of anything." -Robert Anton Wilson
"Even if I set out to make a film about a fillet of sole, it would be about me." -Federico Fellini
"It takes a person who is wide awake to make his dream come true." -Roger Babson
"Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul." -Saint Augustine
"I've never been comfortable as a lead performer, and I never wanted to be a singer, particularly." -Donald Fagen
"I think I'm far too hopeful and trusting. That's something I got from my mum." -Dave Eggers
"I think the day you start building the war plan is the day you start beginning the postwar plan." -Jay Garner
"A wise person decides slowly but abides by these decisions." -Arthur Ashe
"My dad was a high school teacher and made no money." -Billy Baldwin
"Ah, the patter of little feet around the house. There's nothing like having a midget for a butler." -W. C. Fields
"It's not a common thing for a Southern white family to go out and seek their black cousins." -Edward Ball
"I want to make this perfectly clear: you can be sure that I will never be a yes-man except to my own conscience." -Charles Edison
"A pocket square must always - always - be white and a bit wild. If it is too prepared, it is tacky." -Lapo Elkann
"Our world is at the crossroads. We have a choice, right and wrong." -LL Cool J
"I heard that Jesus had a pet dinosaur. Evolution must be a myth then." -John Bacon
"Little evil would be done in the world if evil never could be done in the name of good." -Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
"There is a huge value in learning with instant feedback." -Anant Agarwal
"I'm chasing perfection." -Kobe Bryant
"There is a loftier ambition than merely to stand high in the world. It is to stoop down and lift mankind a little higher." -Henry Van Dyke
"When it comes to exercise, I don't like anything that's too serious." -Lindsay Ellingson
"You are remembered for the rules you break." -Douglas MacArthur
"The philosophy of the school room in one generation will be the philosophy of government in the next." -Abraham Lincoln
"Take me, I am the drug; take me, I am hallucinogenic." -Salvador Dali
"I approach everything in my life the same way; if it feels right, I know it." -Kenny G
"I speak my mind. I just speak my heart. I will not turn away from any question." -Jessica Hahn
"I grew up in the suburbs, a calm suburb, without tension, with working-class and middle-class people mixed together." -JR
"And if you don't have your ears open, you're not going to be able to figure out what you should be doing." -Walter Isaacson
"All men's souls are immortal, but the souls of the righteous are immortal and divine." -Socrates
"Men must be governed by God or they will be ruled by tyrants." -William Penn
"Do not use that foreign word 'ideals.' We have that excellent native word 'lies.'" -Henrik Ibsen
"You will be better advised to watch what we do instead of what we say." -A. A. Milne
"We owe to the Middle Ages the two worst inventions of humanity - romantic love and gunpowder." -Andre Maurois
"The middle class, that prisoner of the barbarian 20th century." -Sinclair Lewis
"The world is mud-luscious and puddle-wonderful." -e. e. cummings
"I kind of got into TV when I went to visit a show my brother was working on. Soon I got the second lead in a TV show." -Godfrey Gao
"Self-pity comes so naturally to all of us. The most solid happiness can be shaken by the compassion of a fool." -Andre Maurois
"I am different - if you can find another like me, then I will buy you dinner!" -Mario Balotelli
"Life would be so wonderful if we only knew what to do with it." -Greta Garbo
"Do not abandon yourselves to despair. We are the Easter people and hallelujah is our song." -Pope John Paul II
"I love the American dream. I feel this is the place I was supposed to be in. It's beautiful. I love it." -Immaculee Ilibagiza
"I feel I should be doing stupid stuff, but I'm not going to." -Scott Caan
"Great music is in the ear of the beholder." -Noel Gallagher
"One thing about Texas people, they're very passionate about their Rock N' Roll, and I love it." -Steven Adler
"You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength." -Marcus Aurelius
"I'm not a nightclub person, but you need to have a social life sometimes." -Natalie Imbruglia
"Praises for our past triumphs are as feathers to a dead bird." -Paul Eldridge
"The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend." -Henry David Thoreau
"A comedian's body is funny as well as his mind being funny, his whole personage is funny." -Bobby Darin
"Shakespeare said, nothing is either good nor bad but thinking makes it so." -Dyan Cannon
"I like kissing people because it's funny." -Casey Abrams
"I don't want someone taking half a sentence or paraphrasing me... Just too much risk." -Jason Calacanis
"Charter schools have a far higher proportion of teachers who are not certified." -Maggie Gallagher
"There is no influence like the influence of habit." -Gilbert Parker
"You can't fake it when you're alone with God, you know." -Jim Bakker
"Mr. President, How are you going to work with people who seem to have divorced themselves from reality?" -Jeff Gannon
"When I read the script, I was like, Hello, woman in a box. I had to explore that to the end." -Sherilyn Fenn
"A man would prefer to come home to an unmade bed and a happy woman than to a neatly made bed and an angry woman." -Marlene Dietrich
"The onset of mania occurs when repression is no longer able to resist the assaults of the repressed instincts." -Karl Abraham
"If you can't read, it's going to be hard to realize dreams." -Booker T. Washington
"They really do a disservice because these men and women came out of the Depression, they came out of the war." -Richard M. Daley
"I like independent movies, documentaries. There's not a lot of movies that are commercially made that I dig." -Jeff Garlin
"A successful marriage is an edifice that must be rebuilt every day." -Andre Maurois
"If your government had given me a thousandth of the sum it spent to depose me, I could have won that war." -Bao Dai
"I prefer listening to talking, reading to socializing, and cozy chats to group settings." -Susan Cain
"My fan mail is enormous. Everyone is under six." -Alexander Calder
"A journey by Sea and Land, Five Hundred Miles, is not undertaken without money." -Lewis Hallam
"We deem those happy who from the experience of life have learnt to bear its ills without being overcome by them." -Carl Jung
"By desiring little, a poor man makes himself rich." -Democritus
"When it comes to cars, only two varieties of people are possible - cowards and fools." -Russell Baker
"Art, like morality, consists in drawing the line somewhere." -Gilbert K. Chesterton
"Oh, come off it, I've only directed three plays for the RSC." -Edward Hall
"Power is like being a lady... if you have to tell people you are, you aren't." -Margaret Thatcher
"I'm very aware that to reach the same level and have the same amount of success will be extremely difficult." -Laurent Jalabert
"There are two essential epochs in any enterprise - to begin, and to get done." -Liberty Hyde Bailey
"All my friends are like, 'Can you be on my side in the zombie apocalypse?' and I'm like, 'I got this.'" -Taissa Farmiga
"The only thing that should surprise us is that there are still some things that can surprise us." -Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us." -Socrates
"It might shock you, but I haven't been to that many fashion shows, and I'd never done a commissioned piece for a fashion house." -Mike D
"While the river of life glides along smoothly, it remains the same river; only the landscape on either bank seems to change." -Max Muller
"I decided that I wanted to be an actress at the age of 7. This is something I've always known." -Imani Hakim
"Nothing is so discouraging to an actor than to have to work for long hours upon hours in brightly lighted interior sets." -John Wayne
"The film business has so many twists and turns that it's a miracle any film gets made." -Peter Hambleton
"If you want a happy ending, that depends, of course, on where you stop your story." -Orson Welles
"When you smoke the herb, it reveals you to yourself." -Bob Marley
"When I was a kid and got in trouble, I'd always say, Mom, I'm in trouble. Well, Mom, I'm in trouble." -Earl Campbell
"It is not hard to obey when we love the one whom we obey." -Saint Ignatius
"Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will." -Nelson Mandela
"Privacy is big for me. To do interviews even, I have a very love/hate with it." -Zach Galifianakis
"Grief is the price we pay for love." -Queen Elizabeth II
"Besides, my usefulness here is destroyed because all of my friends think me a man of unsound mind." -Alex Campbell
"Give me your trust and confidence, knowing that what I seek is for the good of Fiji, for the good of us all." -Josefa Iloilo
"I would rather beat the Yankees regularly than pitch a no hit game." -Bob Feller
"This air we breathe is precious, and the glaciers helped me understand that and stay focused on that." -James Balog
"Isn't it enough to see that a garden is beautiful without having to believe that there are fairies at the bottom of it too?" -Douglas Adams
"One must look for one thing only, to find many." -Cesare Pavese
"The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud." -Coco Chanel
"I have trouble with direction, because I have trouble with authority. I was not a good Marine." -Gene Hackman
"I've done two USO Tours, one in the Middle East and one in Asia, and spent time with the troops." -Eion Bailey
"I see Earth! It is so beautiful!" -Yuri Gagarin
"Network operators need reasonable leeway to manage their networks." -Edward Felten
"Losers live in the past. Winners learn from the past and enjoy working in the present toward the future." -Denis Waitley
"I am the Way, the Truth, and the Life. No one comes to the Father except through me." -Jesus Christ
"Being perceived as a guy is nothing new or complicated to me. It is what it is." -Saskia de Brauw
"I'm obsessed with leather jackets!" -Joanna Garcia
"I've been in many of them and to some extent I would have to say this; if you've seen one city slum you've seen them all." -Spiro T. Agnew
"AIDS today is not a death sentence. It can be treated as a chronic illness, or a chronic disease." -Yusuf Hamied
"When I pass a flowering zucchini plant in a garden, my heart skips a beat." -Gwyneth Paltrow
"In the GNOME project we tried to keep the platform language independent." -Miguel de Icaza
"Laws are spider webs through which the big flies pass and the little ones get caught." -Honore de Balzac
"No attribute of God is more dreadful to sinners than His holiness." -Matthew Henry
"I started taking ballet lessons when I was three and a half and I still take dance classes." -Oksana Baiul
"Food can be expressive and therefore food can be art." -Grant Achatz
"Since I was a kid, he's told me to learn from his mistakes." -Scott Caan
"America's families will be safer in a world where we're strong, where we're engaged, but where we're respected." -John Edwards
"Most music that comes out of Holland is basically the harder part of dance music - hip-hop, drum'n'bass." -Afrojack
"One man's poison ivy is another man's spinach." -George Ade
"Television and radio do a wonderful job in focusing attention on the problems of our society." -Richard J. Daley
"When I was in high school, I don't know that I really had big dreams." -Alan Jackson
"I'm very serious about no alcohol, no drugs. Life is too beautiful." -Jim Carrey
"I only ever worked on interiors, and an interior is an interior. I don't know what they did about exteriors." -Christopher Eccleston
"Catering is extremely demanding financially and physically. It's a business." -Diane Mott Davidson
"Morality is not the doctrine of how we may make ourselves happy, but how we may make ourselves worthy of happiness." -Immanuel Kant
"Measure what is measurable, and make measurable what is not so." -Galileo Galilei
"We have enough religion to make us hate, but not enough to make us love one another." -Jonathan Swift
"Many good poets are really essayists who write very short essays." -Nicholson Baker
"I like kids but I also like the option to close the door. Becoming a parent is a whole other life, and it doesn't stop." -Jon Hamm
"Christianity has not been tried and found wanting; it has been found difficult and not tried." -Gilbert K. Chesterton
"The people that go on 'American Idol' do want some recognition and fame." -Kimberly Caldwell
"America does not go abroad in search of monsters to destroy." -John Quincy Adams
"Poetry is the spontaneous overflow of powerful feelings: it takes its origin from emotion recollected in tranquility." -William Wordsworth
"I'm here in the mountains, in the foothills of the Catskills." -Rick Danko
"I have always abhorred the business end of music." -Mark Edwards
"I juggle a lot of different balls and sometimes I don't know how I manage to keep them all up in the air, but I do!" -Kimberly Caldwell
"No choice is the wrong choice as long as you make a choice. The only wrong choice is choosing not to make one." -Jake Abel
"I write in the morning - and then I'm always experimenting and tasting recipes for the books." -Diane Mott Davidson
"Every teenager feels a wanting, a desire for something more, to be heard, to be seen." -Brad Falchuk
"Mick Jagger and I just really liked each other a lot. We talked all night. We had the same views on nuclear disarmament." -Jerry Hall
"I think I love it more as I get older because I keep getting better on drums, vibes and piano." -Lionel Hampton
"Every moment and every event of every man's life on earth plants something in his soul." -Thomas Merton
"I know exactly where I've come from, I know exactly who my mum and dad are." -Christopher Eccleston
"If you want to know who your friends are, get yourself a jail sentence." -Charles Bukowski
"I never did very well as an immigrant. I've lived in several countries and been a disaster everywhere." -Aravind Adiga
"Life is full of misery, loneliness, and suffering - and it's all over much too soon." -Woody Allen
"I never thought I would become a television host, but I never thought anybody would pay me to just talk." -Kimberly Caldwell
"If there is to be any peace it will come through being, not having." -Henry Miller
"Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood." -Helen Keller
"You know, once somebody knows you can sing Elphaba, it's like being able to sing Evita - people shut up about it already." -Ana Gasteyer
"If you want to be original just try being yourself, because God has never made two people exactly alike." -Bernard Meltzer
"Liberty, when it begins to take root, is a plant of rapid growth." -George Washington
"I have been hunted for twenty-one years. I have literally lived in the saddle. I have never known a day of perfect peace." -Frank James
"The constitution is a sacred document in a democracy." -Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj
"I don't even know what street Canada is on." -Al Capone
"Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated." -Confucius
"Many men of genius must arise before a particular man of genius can appear." -Isaac D'Israeli
"Allah will help him who moves in the way of Allah." -Abu Bakr
"I think I'm finally growing up - and about time." -Elizabeth Taylor
"Luck is not chance, it's toil; fortune's expensive smile is earned." -Emily Dickinson
"I don't want to say I can't wait to get back to normal life, because I don't. I don't want to get back to normal life." -Chris Daughtry
"I do love editorials - you're free to do whatever you want and portray a different character." -Jacquelyn Jablonski
"I believe when I leave this earth, because I love the Lord, I am going straight to Heaven." -Tammy Faye Bakker
"All leaders share something in common. They feel they are the only ones who can do the job." -Julie Nixon Eisenhower
"UNC symbolizes something special. When you get chills you know you belong here." -Lorrie Fair
"I'm a lawyer. I go for due process; I go for fairness and equity - these values mean a lot to me." -Mohamed ElBaradei
"I think the themes of belonging and parentage and love are obviously universal." -Christopher Eccleston
"From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back. That is the point that must be reached." -Franz Kafka
"There's a great power in words, if you don't hitch too many of them together." -Josh Billings
"I love argument, I love debate. I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that's not their job." -Margaret Thatcher
"I think we consider too much the good luck of the early bird and not enough the bad luck of the early worm." -Franklin D. Roosevelt
"A liberal is a man who will give away everything he doesn't own." -Frank Dane
"No one has the Houdini school of composition." -Morton Feldman
"I love leather. I'm very much a leather jacket, leather trousers kind of girl." -Amrita Acharia
"A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down." -Arnold H. Glasow
"If only I was as eloquent as Demosthenes, I would have to do no more than repeat a single word three times." -Johann Georg Hamann
"Those who will not reason, are bigots, those who cannot, are fools, and those who dare not, are slaves." -Lord Byron
"The Internet is a wonderful thing, but it opens the door to many crimes, so you have to stay ahead of it." -Frank Abagnale
"Normally, I rely heavily on my director to massage me out of my actor comfort zones." -Vera Farmiga
"There are only two forces that unite men - fear and interest." -Napoleon Bonaparte
"The software patent problem is not limited to Mono. Software patents affect everyone writing software today." -Miguel de Icaza
"If you can't do it, give up!" -Sigmund Freud
"For better or ill, I was very heavily influenced by men I knew who always dressed formally." -Alec Baldwin
"Hide our ignorance as we will, an evening of wine soon reveals it." -Heraclitus
"Everything is in motion. Everything flows. Everything is vibrating." -William Hazlitt
"The work of a team should always embrace a great player but the great player must always work." -Alex Ferguson
"I no doubt deserved my enemies, but I don't believe I deserved my friends." -Walt Whitman
"No man is lonely eating spaghetti; it requires so much attention." -Christopher Morley
"A sad soul can kill quicker than a germ." -John Steinbeck
"You're at the top of your game if you do comedy." -Hector Elizondo
"If a man is tongue-tied, don't laugh at him, but, rather, feel pity for him, as you would for a man with broken legs." -Abraham Cahan
"I can not watch either of the 'Paranormal' films alone." -Katie Featherston
"Commercial music, for the most part, is popular music and you always have to keep that in mind." -Kenneth Edmonds
"The fans love the home runs, the home run competition between Mark McGwire and Sammy Sosa." -Jose Canseco
"Isn't it amazing that we are all made in God's image, and yet there is so much diversity among his people?" -Desmond Tutu
"When I was a boy I was told that anybody could become President; I'm beginning to believe it." -Clarence Darrow
"I know it may seem surprising to people, but learning dialog that has a conversational flow to it is not that difficult." -Deidre Hall
"Ray Charles, in his own way, it's like at the beginning, Ray Charles changed American music, not once but twice." -Taylor Hackford
"I found leaving Manchester United very, very hard." -Eric Cantona
"Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love." -Mother Teresa
"Sometimes a scream is better than a thesis." -Manfred Eigen
"Faith is an aptitude of the spirit. It is, in fact, a talent: you must be born with it." -Anton Chekhov
"Magic is believing in yourself, if you can do that, you can make anything happen." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"There is no work, however vile or sordid, that does not glisten before God." -John Calvin
"Honesty is more than not lying. It is truth telling, truth speaking, truth living, and truth loving." -James E. Faust
"You were made perfectly to be loved - and surely I have loved you, in the idea of you, my whole life long." -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
"Soon I realized that if beauty equalled forgiveness, I was never going to be forgiven." -Kevyn Aucoin
"I couldn't do anything else, I enjoy it so much. But I find it tough." -Charlotte Gainsbourg
"Strange things blow in through my window on the wings of the night wind and I don't worry about my destiny." -Carl Sandburg
"The important thing is that your teammates have to know you're pulling for them and you really want them to be successful." -Kobe Bryant
"Poets are all who love, who feel great truths, And tell them; and the truth of truths is love." -Philip James Bailey
"I mean, the Obama position has been, 'We think government ought to be spending this money, not the people who earn it.'" -Eric Cantor
"Thoughtful people of different political philosophies can disagree, but in a very agreeable manner." -Bob Ehrlich
"Morality is a private and costly luxury." -Henry Adams
"You never realize how short a month is until you pay alimony." -John Barrymore
"People say, 'You look like the girl who used to be on that show 'Angel'' - they don't actually think I'm her." -Amy Acker
"To me, religion is an agreement between a group of people about what God is. Spirituality is a one-on-one relationship." -Steve Earle
"If only those who dream about Hollywood knew how difficult it all is." -Greta Garbo
"I like my body when it is with your body. It is so quite new a thing. Muscles better and nerves more." -e. e. cummings
"The more powerful and original a mind, the more it will incline towards the religion of solitude." -Aldous Huxley
"I love to listen to lots of different genres of music, but mostly movie soundtracks and music theater." -Joseph Gatt
"There is no such thing as paranoia. Your worst fears can come true at any moment." -Hunter S. Thompson
"Stand up for what you know is right." -Ronald Isley
"Goals allow you to control the direction of change in your favor." -Brian Tracy
"I'm the first to admit that I can't be as good as Tolkien, and a movie can never be as good as Tolkien." -Ralph Bakshi
"Do whatever you're directed to do, and leave the rest of that technical stuff up to the director." -Dennis Farina
"The Bible is a sanctum; the world, sputum." -Franz Kafka
"My secret is one the world needs to know - nearly a billion people a year die from unsafe drinking water." -Bella Thorne
"My inner critic who had begun piping up about how hopeless I was and how I didn't know to write." -Mary Garden
"Frank Zappa... was Beethoven for insane rock guys." -Scott Ian
"Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars." -Henry Van Dyke
"You can't let your past hold your future hostage." -LL Cool J
"A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves." -Lao Tzu
"Frankly, despite my horror of the press, I'd love to rise from the grave every ten years or so and go buy a few newspapers." -Luis Bunuel
"When success comes, people can try to trick you or take advantage of you." -Christina Aguilera
"A rapper is about being completely true to yourself. Being an actor is about changing who you are." -Will Smith
"Though the sex to which I belong is considered weak you will nevertheless find me a rock that bends to no wind." -Elizabeth I
"My roots are Scottish. My dad's parents are from Scotland, and my mum's dad is Scots." -Katharine Isabelle
"There are worse things in life than death. Have you ever spent an evening with an insurance salesman?" -Woody Allen
"What's the point? My face, shall we say, looks lived in." -Ava Gardner
"For most of my career, I've played roles that were written for other actresses." -Victoria Abril
"I used to think I was a singer; I had my own delusions about it." -Randy Jackson
"Anyone who can walk to the welfare office can walk to work." -Al Capp
"It's not important to me to found a school; it's not important to me to have disciples." -John Eaton
"Only the other world has substance and reality; only good deeds and holy learning have tangible worth." -Abraham Cahan
"You can absolutely drive through an atmospheric bomb test and not be affected." -Annie Jacobsen
"I am proud of what I have got and I need an audience." -Farrah Fawcett
"Treasure your relationships, not your possessions." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
"I love to wear dresses when I'm pregnant." -Jessica Capshaw
"I get stressed out really easily." -Jennette McCurdy
"The adrenaline of a live performance is unlike anything in film or theater. I can see why it's so addictive." -Gwyneth Paltrow
"Unstructured play gives kids the space they need to tinker and take risks - both vital for the budding entrepreneur." -Darell Hammond
"Insane people are always sure that they are fine. It is only the sane people who are willing to admit that they are crazy." -Nora Ephron
"An expert is someone who tells you why you can't do something." -Alec Issigonis
"Beauty has a lot to do with character." -Kevyn Aucoin
"In Canada, we have so much land, so much space, and so few people." -Philippe Falardeau
"The lessons of the past are ignored and obliterated in a contemporary antagonism known as the generation gap." -Spiro T. Agnew
"A mediocre idea that generates enthusiasm will go further than a great idea that inspires no one." -Mary Kay Ash
"When my father spoke, it was to say something meaningful." -Ken Venturi
"One must still have chaos in oneself to be able to give birth to a dancing star." -Friedrich Nietzsche
"The wheel is come full circle." -William Shakespeare
"I had a great life even before 'The Memory Keeper's Daughter' took off. I really enjoy teaching." -Kim Edwards
"Obey the principles without being bound by them." -Bruce Lee
"It is a wretched taste to be gratified with mediocrity when the excellent lies before us." -Isaac D'Israeli
"The defects of great men are the consolation of the dunces." -Isaac D'Israeli
"I love skiing, scuba diving and hang-gliding." -Ewan McGregor
"The real man is one who always finds excuses for others, but never excuses himself." -Henry Ward Beecher
"Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world." -Arthur Schopenhauer
"Once an organization has a strong sense of mission, leaders can focus on trying new things." -Margaret Hamburg
"What I've really learned over time is that optimism is a very, very important part of leadership." -Bob Iger
"We should not pretend to understand the world only by the intellect. The judgement of the intellect is only part of the truth." -Carl Jung
"I never wanted to be a writer. I wanted to be a book illustrator. I used to hurry home from school and draw." -Natalie Babbitt
"There are still so few female directors. There are far fewer writers than we'd like to see." -Nina Jacobson
"Winners make a habit of manufacturing their own positive expectations in advance of the event." -Brian Tracy
"So, like a forgotten fire, a childhood can always flare up again within us." -Gaston Bachelard
"Despair is a narcotic. It lulls the mind into indifference." -Charlie Chaplin
"I think the blues is fine for blues players, but free blues has never made much sense to me." -Derek Bailey
"The female loves to play man against man. And if she is in a position to do it, there is not one who will resist." -Charles Bukowski
"A nose that can see is worth two that sniff." -Eugene Ionesco
"A man without a vote is man without protection." -Lyndon B. Johnson
"No one is so brave that he is not disturbed by something unexpected." -Julius Caesar
"Because I grew up with this naive expectation of people doing right, I get shocked by every little violation." -Dave Eggers
"And getting married this autumn was certainly an additional incentive to spend rather more time in England." -Jill Dando
"There are things known and things unknown and in between are the doors." -Jim Morrison
"We will make our products work out of the box." -Steve Ballmer
"People are pretty much alike. It's only that our differences are more susceptible to definition than our similarities." -Linda Ellerbee
"As if one could know the good a person is capable of, when one doesn't know the bad he might do." -Elias Canetti
"My number one goal is to love, support and be there for my son." -Farrah Fawcett
"I'm in the facial-hair phase of my career." -Paul Gallagher
"You can take a Jew out of a shtetl, but you cannot take a shtetl out of a Jew." -Sholom Aleichem
"Some people are so afraid do die that they never begin to live." -Henry Van Dyke
"Some tracks are with quartet and some tracks are with synthesizer." -Charlie Haden
"Never forget the three powerful resources you always have available to you: love, prayer, and forgiveness." -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"I just feel I'm on a different page from the reviewers, so I've learned not to care about them too much." -Bobby Farrelly
"The media tries to do what they do. You can't stop. You gotta get money." -Trick Daddy
"They say that abandonment is a wound that never heals. I say only that an abandoned child never forgets." -Mario Balotelli
"It is your passion that empowers you to be able to do that thing you were created to do." -T. D. Jakes
"My point of view is that men are basically animals, and I'm okay with that." -Bryan Callen
"History never looks like history when you are living through it." -John W. Gardner
"It is part of a good man to do great and noble deeds, though he risk everything." -Plutarch
"Necessity, the mother of invention." -George Farquhar
"Travelling is almost like talking with those of other centuries." -Rene Descartes
"I think that every single person should play sports." -Donovan Bailey
"Good, bad mediocre or whatever it is, if a director wants me in his movie, I take it as a compliment." -Scott Caan
"A great man is made up of qualities that meet or make great occasions." -James Russell Lowell
"We have to do the impossible, but it is possible." -Kevin Garnett
"The thoughtful soul to solitude retires." -Omar Khayyam
"As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it." -Buddy Hackett
"It is never too late to be what you might have been." -George Eliot
"My boyfriend thinks it's crazy that I wear a different bikini every day on holiday." -Tamara Ecclestone
"Hollywood is a place where they place you under contract instead of under observation." -Walter Winchell
"I was brought up in a Christian home in Australia with a father who was very bold about his faith." -Ken Ham
"Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be." -John Wooden
"It's always fun teasing the person. When they ask if I'm gay, I say, 'Oh, I don't know.'" -Adam Garcia
"The best remedy for a short temper is a long walk." -Joseph Joubert
"I'm not much into current electronic stuff, what I think of as lounge electronics, mumbling electronics." -Derek Bailey
"In mathematics we have long since drawn the rein, and given over a hopeless race." -Charles Babbage
"You can't fake quality any more than you can fake a good meal." -William S. Burroughs
"I'm always driven to keep doing something different and better." -Bryan Callen
"Life is a foreign language; all men mispronounce it." -Christopher Morley
"No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit." -Andrew Carnegie
"A government of laws, and not of men." -John Adams
"I had a million questions to ask God: but when I met Him, they all fled my mind; and it didn't seem to matter." -Christopher Morley
"You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past." -Richard Bach
"It's a mistake to dwell too much on the consequences of a piece of work that you're making." -Max Irons
"No I didn't audition, I didn't even know David Lynch till the week before I started the film." -Richard Farnsworth
"Our age knows nothing but reaction, and leaps from one extreme to another." -Reinhold Niebuhr
"I think it's always a good idea to dress as someone you like, as long as it's done in good taste. That's the key." -Uzo Aduba
"All men whilst they are awake are in one common world: but each of them, when he is asleep, is in a world of his own." -Plutarch
"The earth laughs in flowers." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Life is like an ice-cream cone, you have to lick it one day at a time." -Charles M. Schulz
"I just knew that God wasn't there. He was a man on a throne in Heaven, so he was easy to forget." -Frances Farmer
"I love figure skating, so I do that as often as I can. Other than that I just go to the gym or swim. I love swimming." -Jennette McCurdy
"My cow is not pretty, but it is pretty to me." -David Lynch
"A drink a day keeps the shrink away." -Edward Abbey
"People should be a little loony, Helena. That's the best thing about them." -Karel Capek
"You're only given a little spark of madness. You mustn't lose it." -Robin Williams
"Google is making a huge investment in developing the Ajax approach." -Jesse James Garrett
"Men of polite learning and a liberal education." -Matthew Henry
"I didn't view myself as attacking the boss. I viewed my boss at ESPN as the publisher and president of ESPN." -Gregg Easterbrook
"You can tell the strength of a nation by the women behind its men." -Benjamin Disraeli
"Anger is a short madness." -Horace
"By all these lovely tokens September days are here, With summer's best of weather And autumn's best of cheer." -Helen Hunt Jackson
"I do believe in fate." -Alex Ferguson
"That it will never come again is what makes life sweet." -Emily Dickinson
"Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it." -Mia Hamm
"My little son, Atticus, desperately needs his dad and I haven't been there for him... and that's sad." -Daniel Baldwin
"I could have been a Rhodes Scholar, except for my grades." -Duffy Daugherty
"While I still have more good days than bad days, I'm going to keep playing." -Lindsay Davenport
"We are all of us failures, at least, the best of us are." -James M. Barrie
"Everyone has the bully or the mean girl or the ex-boyfriend who tried to bring them down." -Demi Lovato
"I've always loved music. I listen to music the way a lot of actors watch movies." -Penn Badgley
"I love to play pool." -Dante Hall
"Community means people spending time together here, and I don't think there's really that." -Marilyn Hacker
"If I were white, I could capture the world." -Dorothy Dandridge
"Growing up in Wales was a pretty Draconian experience with religion." -John Cale
"He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything." -Thomas Carlyle
"When you sell a man a book, you don't sell him 12 ounces of paper and ink and glue - you sell him a whole new life." -Christopher Morley
"When one realizes that his life is worthless he either commits suicide or travels." -Edward Dahlberg
"There is no substitute for accurate knowledge. Know yourself, know your business, know your men." -Lee Iacocca
"It's hard to be a breakout show and stay on top. We're like the flagship show over here." -Carson Daly
"The theatre is a gross art, built in sweeps and over-emphasis. Compromise is its second name." -Enid Bagnold
"I don't watch a lot of T.V. I only watch things via Netflix, so I only watch the things that I'm choosing to watch." -Gaby Hoffmann
"Progress in civilization has been accompanied by progress in cookery." -Fannie Farmer
"What I don't like about office Christmas parties is looking for a job the next day." -Phyllis Diller
"It used to hurt me that people thought I didn't have the technique and the temperament to play Test cricket." -Gautam Gambhir
"What could become a danger to world peace is Iran's nuclear program and the country's open threat to annihilate Israel." -Sigmar Gabriel
"As long as there are games to play it is not over." -Alex Ferguson
"I am very proud to be a part of '3 Idiots,' and happy that the character has worked in a big way." -Boman Irani
"This is the strangest life I've ever known." -Jim Morrison
"When I see children, I see the face of God. That's why I love them so much. That's what I see." -Michael Jackson
"The heart of a mother is a deep abyss at the bottom of which you will always find forgiveness." -Honore de Balzac
"Nothing is more precious than peace, by which all war, both in Heaven and Earth, is brought to an end." -Ignatius of Antioch
"History shows that there are no invincible armies." -Joseph Stalin
"I'm acting when I serve as a hostess, when I run my wig business. I was born to act, and life itself is the greatest part." -Eva Gabor
"I never tried to revolutionise photography; I just do what I do and keep my fingers crossed that people will like it." -David Bailey
"I think New York is more stylish than London." -Max Irons
"I set myself high standards on the pitch and I know I have not always lived up to them this season." -Rio Ferdinand
"No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now." -Alan Watts
"We Canadians are not given as a people to great patriotic displays." -Kim Campbell
"Losing Michael Jackson is a handicap. It's the Lakers trying to win a championship without Kobe Bryant." -Tito Jackson
"When a true genius appears, you can know him by this sign: that all the dunces are in a confederacy against him." -Jonathan Swift
"I think everybody wants to be a rock star." -Anna Camp
"I've played a lot in Las Vegas in my life." -Julio Iglesias
"If anyone would have been paying serious attention to my puppet shows, I would have been sent to therapy very young." -Bob Balaban
"Women are made to be loved, not understood." -Oscar Wilde
"I look to a day when people will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
"Concentration is my motto - first honesty, then industry, then concentration." -Andrew Carnegie
"If I can't see the humor in it, how am I going to be funny?" -Casey Affleck
"For the rich, it's not about getting more stuff. It's about having the freedom to make almost any decision you want." -T. Harv Eker
"Fate loves the fearless." -James Russell Lowell
"Gay nightclubs offer better dance music." -Jack Davenport
"The elusive nature of love... it can be such a fleeting thing. You see it there and it's just fluttering and it's gone." -Mick Jagger
"Rice is great if you're really hungry and want to eat two thousand of something." -Mitch Hedberg
"I think 'Pan's Labyrinth' is genius." -Joe Dante
"I always like to find those little mom-and-pop sandwich places, or diners. Those are my favorite kind of places." -Billy Gardell
"A man who has never made a woman angry is a failure in life." -Christopher Morley
"No human being, however great, or powerful, was ever so free as a fish." -John Ruskin
"I used to wear more makeup, but I've learned to enjoy being natural." -Dianna Agron
"As an undergraduate I held many small jobs as an illustrator." -Robert T. Bakker
"Keep working hard and you can get anything that you want." -Aaliyah
"'Home And Away' was my first big break. I was already a fan of the show, so to suddenly be on it was really good." -Christopher Egan
"I had a prostatectomy in the fall and fortunately it was encapsulated and I didn't have to go through chemotherapy." -Steve Garvey
"I hope to bring people to God with my songs." -Mahalia Jackson
"I'm an actor... I do a job and I go home. Why are you interested in me? You don't ask a truck driver about his job." -James Gandolfini
"I am not a speed reader. I am a speed understander." -Isaac Asimov
"Richie and Eddie couldn't exist without each other. They're two halves of the same person." -Adrian Edmondson
"What we really need is for me to get hot and stay hot. When I go, this team really takes off." -Johnny Damon
"I think it's insulting to an audience to make them sit and watch a film and then give them a message in one sentence." -Asghar Farhadi
"I would have to say loneliness is next to uncleanliness." -Janeane Garofalo
"Every book for me is a chapter in the long book which will finally be closed on the day of my death." -Peter Ackroyd
"The weak are more likely to make the strong weak than the strong are likely to make the weak strong." -Marlene Dietrich
"It can be very difficult to trace your birth parents." -Christopher Eccleston
"There is no mistaking the dismay on the face of a writer who has just heard that his brain child is a deformed idiot." -L. Sprague de Camp
"His head was full of larceny, but his feet were honest." -Arthur Baer
"'The Great Gatsby' ticked so many boxes for me." -Joel Edgerton
"No enemy is worse than bad advice." -Sophocles
"Example is leadership." -Albert Schweitzer
"In the successful organization, no detail is too small to escape close attention." -Lou Holtz
"Experience: that most brutal of teachers. But you learn, my God do you learn." -C. S. Lewis
"Men are like wine - some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age." -Pope John XXIII
"The mystery is what prompted men to leave caves, to come out of the womb of nature." -Stephen Gardiner
"I find standing and posing for photos very awkward." -Nicole Kidman
"I never rode a bull - I'm not that stupid." -James Caan
"I remember watching Looney Tunes cartoons and having the music stuck in my head." -Petra Haden
"The destroyer Cork, like the useful hero for whom it is named, will be game to the last." -Josephus Daniels
"You have to stay updated on trends, social things and pop culture, you need to stay with the times and keep evolving." -Corey Feldman
"Someone once told me that religion is like a knife: You can stab someone with it, or you can slice bread with it." -Vera Farmiga
"The dreadful thing about getting older is you cry at the drop of a hat." -Eric Idle
"Tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday." -John Wayne
"A doctor can bury his mistakes but an architect can only advise his clients to plant vines." -Frank Lloyd Wright
"Men should strive to think much and know little." -Democritus
"Justice cannot be for one side alone, but must be for both." -Eleanor Roosevelt
"My new life is being with my wife without any interference, and the children come see us every once in a while." -John Fairchild
"I am a fan of history." -Tom T. Hall
"Reality is nothing but a collective hunch." -Lily Tomlin
"My strength is coming up with two outs in the last of the ninth." -Michael Eisner
"I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom." -George S. Patton
"If you look deep enough you will see music; the heart of nature being everywhere music." -Thomas Carlyle
"And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom." -Anais Nin
"The value of having a computer, to me, is that it'll remember everything you do. It's a databank." -John Cale
"Some people say that watching pay freezes in the government is like watching water freeze. It expands." -Darrell Issa
"Sorrow can be alleviated by good sleep, a bath and a glass of wine." -Thomas Aquinas
"Everyone has challenges and lessons to learn - we wouldn't be who we are without them." -Sean Combs
"It was easy to be the bad guy throughout." -Dean Cain
"A historian is battling all the time to remember as much as possible." -Niall Ferguson
"Black America knows better than anyone else the high price children pay for the sexual agendas of adults." -Maggie Gallagher
"Well, I need to be frightened on a regular basis." -Rhys Ifans
"Do what you will, this world's a fiction and is made up of contradiction." -William Blake
"I don't do earrings." -Kimberly Caldwell
"Every film starts with two or three images. Then I try to edit these images." -Leos Carax
"Laziness is a secret ingredient that goes into failure. But it's only kept a secret from the person who fails." -Robert Half
"I also try to eat as much raw food and clean food as possible." -Kirsty Gallacher
"I always wanted to be known as the girl who was good at hockey rather than the girl you see in magazines." -Casey Eastham
"If you speak to anyone who's ever done time, the fact that you make it out of there alive is a miracle." -Lane Garrison
"I do not weep at the world I am too busy sharpening my oyster knife." -Zora Neale Hurston
"I actually love going to a lot of theater movies. I just love watching actors work and seeing how people tell stories." -Zeljko Ivanek
"You can only do so much theatre." -Victor Garber
"Sure, I'd like to be like the House of Chanel." -John Galliano
"As long as my face is on page one, I don't care what they say about me on page seventeen." -Mick Jagger
"You talk about what a director, he was smart. He said, Turn the camera on!" -Peter Falk
"I know I have the body of a weak and feeble woman, but I have the heart and stomach of a king, and of a king of England too." -Elizabeth I
"A small group of thoughtful people could change the world. Indeed, it's the only thing that ever has." -Margaret Mead
"The Universe is one great kindergarten for man. Everything that exists has brought with it its own peculiar lesson." -Orison Swett Marden
"My favorite dancer is Sylvie Guillem." -Jerry Hall
"Without a family, man, alone in the world, trembles with the cold." -Andre Maurois
"My dad was a doctor, but he was just always, like, going from hospital to hospital for some reason." -Oscar Isaac
"If I hold back, I'm no good. I'm no good. I'd rather be good sometimes, than holding back all the time." -Janis Joplin
"New Year's Resolution: To tolerate fools more gladly, provided this does not encourage them to take up more of my time." -James Agate
"I don't like to be out of my comfort zone, which is about a half an inch wide." -Larry David
"Because I was small, I was getting the hell kicked out of me playing football." -Burt Bacharach
"I am still working on patter and presentation." -Paul Daniels
"Our sages of blessed memory have said that we must not enjoy any pleasure in this world without reciting a blessing." -Shmuel Yosef Agnon
"Truth is immortal; error is mortal." -Mary Baker Eddy
"One man alone can be pretty dumb sometimes, but for real bona fide stupidity, there ain't nothin' can beat teamwork." -Edward Abbey
"I grew up on movie sets and traveling the world with my pops." -Scott Eastwood
"I've always felt if my nose were more crooked, critics would focus more on my acting." -Tim Daly
"If you don't practice you don't deserve to win." -Andre Agassi
"When you give yourself, you receive more than you give." -Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"I can prove anything by statistics except the truth." -George Canning
"Little progress can be made by merely attempting to repress what is evil. Our great hope lies in developing what is good." -Calvin Coolidge
"If you are not happy with the song, don't sing it. Simple as that - no-one forces you to do it." -Rebecca Ferguson
"The more violent the storm, the quicker it passes." -Paulo Coelho
"I only hope that we don't lose sight of one thing - that it was all started by a mouse." -Walt Disney
"Childhood didn't have a big influence on me, really - in fact I spent most of it plotting how to escape." -Simon Callow
"I have an enormous fondness for delicious food. It's very comforting." -Teri Garr
"The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success." -Bruce Feirstein
"If I can get a sanitized version of reality, I'll take it." -Darrell Hammond
"I'm a very comfortable and happy-go-lucky old man. I never wanted to be great, because I'd just get worried." -Tom T. Hall
"Of life's two chief prizes, beauty and truth, I found the first in a loving heart and the second in a laborer's hand." -Khalil Gibran
"Every human is an artist. The dream of your life is to make beautiful art." -Miguel Angel Ruiz
"Cock your hat - angles are attitudes." -Frank Sinatra
"I don't like the idea of talking down to kids. I think I was talked down to, and you rebel against that." -Simon Baker
"I'm so gullible. I'm so damn gullible. And I am so sick of me being gullible." -Lana Turner
"Charity is injurious unless it helps the recipient to become independent of it." -John D. Rockefeller
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." -Thomas A. Edison
"Wise are those who learn that the bottom line doesn't always have to be their top priority." -William Arthur Ward
"I'd like to be able to light the fire a little bit." -Reggie Jackson
"The safety of the people shall be the highest law." -Marcus Tullius Cicero
"I want the world to be better because I was here." -Will Smith
"She used to diet on any kind of food she could lay her hands on." -Arthur Baer
"I know Quebecers don't want to relive old battles; they prefer to build for the future." -Kim Campbell
"None are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Problems are not the problem; coping is the problem." -Virginia Satir
"If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people." -Virginia Woolf
"A man ought to live so that everybody knows he is a Christian... and most of all, his family ought to know." -Dwight L. Moody
"Well, comedy is a great weapon of attack. It's not a great weapon of support." -Eddie Izzard
"I never liked group work in school." -Brendan Fehr
"One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man." -Elbert Hubbard
"Madness is tonic and invigorating. It makes the sane more sane. The only ones who are unable to profit by it are the insane." -Henry Miller
"I said in my heart that, rather than have war, I would give up my country." -Chief Joseph
"When I wrestled in College, my team was very good." -William Baldwin
"You know, it's really strange now with the Internet, with everyone having an unsolicited, anonymous opinion." -Jeff Daniels
"If I am playing any music at all it is jazz music." -Ginger Baker
"If anything is certain, it is that I myself am not a Marxist." -Karl Marx
"Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain." -Joseph Campbell
"I lost my dad when I was younger, and I know what it's like to lose a beloved parent." -Simone Elkeles
"If I'm going to be out there, I want to be in the top 10 and really have a chance of winning a Grand Slam." -Stefan Edberg
"The sun is new each day." -Heraclitus
"Good things just keep happening." -Bob Edwards
"I don't really enjoy watching reality TV." -Grey Damon
"Follow your intuition, listening to your dreams, your inner voice to guide you." -Katori Hall
"I couldn't be more excited to return to the ING New York City Marathon." -Ryan Hall
"I still hold on to the idea that a record can really change the way I feel." -Dave Gahan
"Humility and knowledge in poor clothes excel pride and ignorance in costly attire." -William Penn
"An infallible method of conciliating a tiger is to allow oneself to be devoured." -Konrad Adenauer
"I can't go to the hardware store, cut a sheet in half and staple it to the window anymore. It doesn't fly." -James Badge Dale
"This is the miracle that happens every time to those who really love: the more they give, the more they possess." -Rainer Maria Rilke
"Actors will say, 'My character wouldn't say that.' Who said it was your character?" -James Gandolfini
"No one knows whom the shoe pinches - no one." -Sholom Aleichem
"Maybe I am a jerk sometimes. Maybe I'm not. I think most people are kind of a jerk once in a while." -Ryan Adams
"The wise man does at once what the fool does finally." -Niccolo Machiavelli
"One of the things that Africa needs, everybody seems to agree, is some measure of debt relief." -Gwen Ifill
"We all want to thank Emmitt for allowing us to enjoy every yard." -Michael Irvin
"It's fun to grow with a character over the course of a TV series. Video games are usually a much more condensed process." -Laura Bailey
"I try to make my mood uplifting and peaceful, then watch the world around me reflect that mood." -Yaya DaCosta
"I definitely fell in love with 'Dracula' when I was 13. I found it so fascinating and so dark and romantic." -Sara Canning
"Everything has been figured out, except how to live." -Jean-Paul Sartre
"There's room for the Gap, but the joy of dressing is an art." -John Galliano
"Non-violence is not glamorous, and you don't see the effects right away." -Julia Bacha
"A gift consists not in what is done or given, but in the intention of the giver or doer." -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"Paul Newman is not a very good pool player." -Minnesota Fats
"I think where men are credited for being strong, women are divas. I just think it's such a cop out." -Natalie Imbruglia
"I'm growing as an artist and expanding my range,and not pigeonholing myself by doing the same thing, over and over." -Sarah Wayne Callies
"My mother taught me to be honest, to be selfless, and to touch people in a positive way." -Scott Eastwood
"Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it." -Dwight D. Eisenhower
"I did what any American could and should do: serve his country in its time of need." -Bob Feller
"In comic strips, the person on the left always speaks first." -George Carlin
"I did the whole non-dairy thing for a year." -Lizzy Caplan
"But then I always wanted to play for Rangers. Man United is a great club and Alex Ferguson is a legend." -Paul Gascoigne
"You aren't going to leave me alone are you?" -Edie Adams
"A camel is a horse designed by committee." -Alec Issigonis
"The impersonal hand of government can never replace the helping hand of a neighbor." -Hubert H. Humphrey
"I was reminded that when we lose and I strike out, a billion people in China don't care." -Reggie Jackson
"Nature is the mother and the habitat of man, even if sometimes a stepmother and an unfriendly home." -John Dewey
"Classifying the stars has helped materially in all studies of the structure of the universe." -Annie Jump Cannon
"I don't say we all ought to misbehave, but we ought to look as if we could." -Orson Welles
"I've never considered myself a leading man, don't look like one, don't want to be one." -Brion James
"I remain just one thing, and one thing only, and that is a clown. It places me on a far higher plane than any politician." -Charlie Chaplin
"When I first had my eyebrows waxed, I was pretty disturbed." -Chiwetel Ejiofor
"Many men go fishing all of their lives without knowing that it is not fish they are after." -Henry David Thoreau
"It's funny because I grew up with the T.V. on 24 hours a day. And the more money I made, the more T.V.s we had." -Gaby Hoffmann
"Is it sin, which makes the worm a chrysalis, and the chrysalis a butterfly, and the butterfly dust?" -Max Muller
"I started playing guitar kind of by accident." -Ryan Cabrera
"It's my job as governor to set a vision." -Mary Fallin
"Life is very, very simple and easy to understand, but we complicate it with the beliefs and ideas that we create." -Miguel Angel Ruiz
"Be at peace with your own soul, then heaven and earth will be at peace with you." -Isaac of Nineveh
"I never thought anything like that would have gone on." -Bernard Ebbers
"A fellow has to have faith in God above and Rollie Fingers in the bullpen." -Alvin Dark
"Dawn: When men of reason go to bed." -Ambrose Bierce
"He is so old that his blood type was discontinued." -Bill Dana
"Are Simon & Garfunkel cool, or are they just really uncool? I can't decide." -Steven Hall
"Endurance is patience concentrated." -Thomas Carlyle
"When conflicts end non-violently, it's more likely that the result will be longer-lasting, democratic societies." -Julia Bacha
"Family is the one thing that is definitely not disposable." -Jenny Eclair
"Why do I want to be challenged or have challenges? That's why I don't go climb mountains." -Jeff Garlin
"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time." -Thomas A. Edison
"I was to Japanese visitors to Washington what the Mona Lisa is to Americans visiting Paris." -John C. Danforth
"There's just something that is kind of magical that happens when we sing live." -Liz Callaway
"All good hotels tend to lead people to do things they wouldn't necessarily do at home." -Andre Balazs
"The only people I really hate are parking attendants." -Alison Jackson
"I make music, and if people like it, they like it, and some people won't." -Katy B
"I was a professional athlete, the best baseball player in the world at one point." -Jose Canseco
"I grew up wanting only to be an illustrator. I studied art at Laurel School in Cleveland and at Smith College." -Natalie Babbitt
"I think that people vibe off your energy and I'm a pretty mellow person." -Dianna Agron
"Character is what a man is in the dark." -Dwight L. Moody
"You laugh at me because I'm different, I laugh at you because you're all the same." -Jonathan Davis
"I like to win; I like to compete; I like to sack the quarterback." -Jason Babin
"My wife can't cook at all. She made chocolate mousse. An antler got stuck in my throat." -Rodney Dangerfield
"Every moment of light and dark is a miracle." -Walt Whitman
"Filming is like a house, you have to feel comfortable in it." -Luc Dardenne
"If you value a man's regard, strive with him. As to liking, you like your newspaper - and despise it." -Andre Maurois
"When I was growing up in the '60s I would have thought that westerns would last forever." -Joe Dante
"Life serves up satire. Unfortunately. Or fortunately. I don't know. You have to reel it in to drama." -Stephen Gaghan
"Once you start looking at the world rationally, it becomes much more exciting." -Robin Ince
"Knowing when to leave may be the smartest thing anyone can learn." -Burt Bacharach
"I grew up in the church. I was raised in the church." -Quinton Aaron
"A good memory is one trained to forget the trivial." -Clifton Fadiman
"Love is the best school, but the tuition is high and the homework can be painful." -Diane Ackerman
"I think it's really important to find out why people hurt you or try to oppose you or whatever." -Kathy Acker
"Understand that life is journey. I haven't achieved the success I wanted to achieve yet, but that's OK - it's coming." -Adrienne Bailon
"When truth has no burning, then it is philosophy, when it gets burning from the heart, it becomes poetry." -Muhammad Iqbal
"The Kingdom of Heaven is not a place, but a state of mind." -John Burroughs
"I don't care what I do - act, stand-up, write, direct - it doesn't matter as long as I'm being creative and it's good work." -Jeff Garlin
"Sometimes in life one experiences an emotion which is so strong that it is difficult to think, or to reason." -Eric Cantona
"I love spring flowers: daffodils and hyacinths are the ultimate flower for me. They are the essence of spring." -Kirsty Gallacher
"I'm a little bit of a control freak when it comes to my music, unfortunately." -Noel Gallagher
"I love them very much. All animals big and small. You can name an ant for instance." -Bindi Irwin
"We must take steps to prevent further nuclear weapons development or modernization." -Daisaku Ikeda
"I am better able to retract what I did not say than what I did." -Solomon Ibn Gabirol
"I am happy that the young girls have a lot more choices these days and an opportunity to feel better about themselves." -Mia Hamm
"I believe in the power of poetry, which gives me reasons to look ahead and identify a glint of light." -Mahmoud Darwish
"Kings may be judges of the earth, but wise men are the judges of kings." -Solomon Ibn Gabirol
"I am competitive, and I like to be as competitive as possible in anything I do." -Sergio Garcia
"I love people who break boundaries and always create something new and fresh." -Randy Jackson
"Just do what you like to do, and do it all the time." -Leif Garrett
"Finally, there's a sense in which I look at this Westminster village and London intelligentsia as an outsider." -Diane Abbott
"In soloing - as in other activities - it is far easier to start something than it is to finish it." -Amelia Earhart
"Fate pulls you in different directions." -Clint Eastwood
"Purring would seem to be, in her case, an automatic safety valve device for dealing with happiness overflow." -Monica Edwards
"Business people have been made into these rock stars because they've made a lot of money." -James Daly
"Philippians 1:21 is very special to me because it helps to keep my life centered." -Allyson Felix
"The purpose of life is to be defeated by greater and greater things." -Rainer Maria Rilke
"I absolutely love Nicole Scherzinger. She's worked really hard to get to where she is and really knows her stuff." -Rebecca Ferguson
"I've got a really sweet tooth and sometimes I just have to have some chocolate." -Kirsty Gallacher
"Divine desperateness is the beginning of spiritual awakening because it gives rise to the aspiration for God-realisation." -Meher Baba
"Let your hopes, not your hurts, shape your future." -Robert H. Schuller
"New York is my favorite city in the world." -Liam Gallagher
"I'll try anything once, twice if I like it, three times to make sure." -Mae West
"Nothing dies harder than a bad idea." -Julia Cameron
"The act of contemplation then creates the thing created." -Isaac D'Israeli
"No sensible author wants anything but praise." -A. A. Milne
"Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible." -Maya Angelou
"Drama if I sing, drama if I don't sing. What do you do?" -Montserrat Caballe
"Reject hatred without hating." -Mary Baker Eddy
"Everything that goes on at Area 51 is classified 'top secret' when it's going on." -Annie Jacobsen
"Once you've wrestled, everything else in life is easy." -Dan Gable
"The World is my country, all mankind are my brethren, and to do good is my religion." -Thomas Paine
"If we should ever get to Heaven, we shall find nobody to reproach us for being black, or for being slaves." -Jupiter Hammon
"I won't mention the word tired. This is the 20th century and I can go around a little faster." -Geri Halliwell
"I wanted my marriage to work, but it didn't." -Diane Abbott
"Fine art is that in which the hand, the head, and the heart of man go together." -John Ruskin
"Little things console us because little things afflict us." -Blaise Pascal
"I get up at 4:30 in the morning, seven days a week, no matter where I am in the world." -Bob Iger
"I was attracted to 'Half of a Yellow Sun' because of the story." -Chiwetel Ejiofor
"Faith is an oasis in the heart which will never be reached by the caravan of thinking." -Khalil Gibran
"Everybody needs somebody." -Mahalia Jackson
"We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will." -Chuck Palahniuk
"Tomorrow lurks in us, the latency to be all that was not achieved before." -Loren Eiseley
"Spider-Man has always been a symbol of goodness and doing the right thing and looking after your fellow man." -Andrew Garfield
"The only way you can be happy is if you be completely yourself. You have to be you. Don't be what you think you should be." -Afrojack
"I wouldn't change anything. I've made mistakes, but thanks to those mistakes, I've learned." -Enrique Iglesias
"Always have a collection of your favorite CDs with you." -Dimebag Darrell
"If we do not lay out ourselves in the service of mankind whom should we serve?" -Abigail Adams
"One of the first signs of the beginning of understanding is the wish to die." -Franz Kafka
"It feels so good to be happy." -Etta James
"I don't believe Iran is a suicide state." -John Abizaid
"I tell kids to pursue their basketball dreams, but I tell them to not let that be their only dream." -Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
"Every one of our congressional offices, every day, is under attack." -Darrell Issa
"When I see films made from books, I make a huge effort not to remember the book. It's important to see the film as a film." -Kazuo Ishiguro
"Never go to excess, but let moderation be your guide." -Marcus Tullius Cicero
"I do a medley of hymns in all of my sets, whether I'm in an arena, in a theater, in an amusement park." -Yolanda Adams
"Every time you get a movie, you get a medical. So you know, you know you're alright for a couple of weeks." -Michael Caine
"I wanted to be a fashion journalist and went to the London College of Fashion to do a journalism and promotion course." -Kirsty Gallacher
"I'm the original take-orders girl." -Judy Garland
"Every great film should seem new every time you see it." -Roger Ebert
"I am working on my nightclub act, definitely want to do more singing." -Keith David
"One thing most people don't know is that Steve Jobs is an exceptional designer." -Jonathan Ive
"Immense power is acquired by assuring yourself in your secret reveries that you were born to control affairs." -Andrew Carnegie
"There are more love songs than anything else. If songs could make you do something we'd all love one another." -Frank Zappa
"The hardest thing to see is what is in front of your eyes." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Pretty Woman was the easiest job I've ever done. I just wore the right toupee." -Hector Elizondo
"Hell hath no fury like a hustler with a literary agent." -Frank Sinatra
"Give me four years to teach the children and the seed I have sown will never be uprooted." -Vladimir Lenin
"I cannot switch my voice. My voice is not like an elevator going up and down." -Maria Callas
"Mozilla has one foot in the Valley, Silicon Valley product technology, and partly one foot in the social enterprise space." -Mitchell Baker
"I phoned this number and said, Please, sir, I want to be an actor." -Charles Dance
"I tore myself away from the safe comfort of certainties through my love for truth - and truth rewarded me." -Simone de Beauvoir
"I may not be where I want to be, but thank God I am not where I used to be." -Joyce Meyer
"I just feel very often like a child in an absolutely weird world. I think that life is quite weird sometimes." -Cecelia Ahern
"Where thou art, that is home." -Emily Dickinson
"I will absolutely say that Johnny Ramone was a huge influence on me. I'm a giant Ramones fan." -Scott Ian
"If I have to go to New York or something, I'll bring my books and read and do homework. It's not really a big deal." -Kara Hayward
"We on the left who are pro-European and Internationalist wish to unite the peoples under a social model." -Laurent Fabius
"I actually hate shopping." -Kate Bosworth
"Wild oats will get sown some time, and one of the arts of life is to sow them at the right time." -Richard Le Gallienne
"You can't suppress creativity, you can't suppress innovation." -James Daly
"I made my Broadway debut in the revival of Hair and followed it up with the bus and truck tour of Grease." -Peter Gallagher
"Society honors its living conformists and its dead troublemakers." -Mignon McLaughlin
"I got quite the college experience." -Ryan Cabrera
"I was always a fan of Groucho Marx as a kid." -Michael Feldman
"Drama read to oneself is never drama at its best, and is not even drama as it should be." -George Pierce Baker
"The greatest gift that you can give to others is the gift of unconditional love and acceptance." -Brian Tracy
"I'm very simple. I'm not for the flashes, I'm not for glitz and glamour, you know." -Kevin Garnett
"Becoming a mother has helped make me a tougher, stronger writer." -Jessica Hagedorn
"The only time I have problems is when I sleep." -Tupac Shakur
"The formula 'Two and two make five' is not without its attractions." -Fyodor Dostoevsky
"I am essentially a loner." -Lauren Bacall
"Kids love rabbits... they just like them." -John Bach
"I think as far as self-promotion goes, I probably have a lot to learn." -Chris Isaak
"The only reason we wore sunglasses onstage was because we couldn't stand the sight of the audience." -John Cale
"One's happiness depends less on what he knows than on what he feels." -Liberty Hyde Bailey
"My family comes first. Maybe that's what makes me different from other guys." -Bobby Darin
"Show me someone who has done something worthwhile, and I'll show you someone who has overcome adversity." -Lou Holtz
"If you don't have the time to read, you don't have the time or the tools to write." -Stephen King
"Seth Meyers and I wrote a 'Spider-Man' comic." -Bill Hader
"When people say, 'She's got everything', I've got one answer - I haven't had tomorrow." -Elizabeth Taylor
"I must not write a word to you about politics, because you are a woman." -John Adams
"A cartoonist creates his whole universe without any input." -Mark Hamill
"The proactive approach to a mistake is to acknowledge it instantly, correct and learn from it." -Stephen Covey
"There are two main drivers of asset class returns - inflation and growth." -Ray Dalio
"A ruler isn't always straight." -Robert Half
"Greed is the lack of confidence of one's own ability to create." -Vanna Bonta
"We should never take democracy for granted. Democracy can emerge and develop, but it can also decay." -Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj
"There is no formula to making it to the NFL other than good fortune and and playing well in college." -Dante Hall
"At school I briefly wanted to be a palaeontologist, but I was no good at chemistry and physics." -Mark Gatiss
"I believe a solid, really strong middle-class is the key to making the country in the best way." -Matt Damon
"Have you ever noticed that anybody driving slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac?" -George Carlin
"The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters." -Audrey Hepburn
"The strength of a man's virtue should not be measured by his special exertions, but by his habitual acts." -Blaise Pascal
"Indeed, wretched the man whose fame makes his misfortunes famous." -Lucius Accius
"Even if your job is a professional singer, we still dork out at home." -Sheena Easton
"When I raced with Mercedes, I thought I'd learn German. But my wife didn't want to live in Germany." -Juan Manuel Fangio
"Somebody may beat me, but they are going to have to bleed to do it." -Steve Prefontaine
"I'm such a workaholic." -Shanola Hampton
"I love America, but I chose America." -Dinesh D'Souza
"If your religion doesn't respect the rights of other religions, it is lacking something." -Roger Ebert
"You'd think a sociopath assassin wouldn't have a fan following but he does." -Laurell K. Hamilton
"Groups are grammatical fictions; only individuals exist, and each individual is different." -Robert Anton Wilson
"When people see me in something and say, 'That's just you - that's not acting,' it's the best compliment I can get." -James Garner
"'Doctor Who' was the first mythology that I learned, before ever I ran into Greek or Roman or Egyptian mythologies." -Neil Gaiman
"I don't like to stop. I'm a big person who looks at where the hubs are because I hate changing planes." -Mia Hamm
"A person needs a little madness, or else they never dare cut the rope and be free." -Nikos Kazantzakis
"The power to prevent violence is a power that no police force seems to have anywhere in the United States." -John Abizaid
"When an idea exclusively occupies the mind, it is transformed into an actual physical or mental state." -Swami Vivekananda
"Find out what you're afraid of and go live there." -Chuck Palahniuk
"Sweetheart, I'm the biggest ripped-off cartoonist in the history of the world, and that's all I'm going to say." -Ralph Bakshi
"I don't want my body to look like a man's. I just want to tone my body." -Sherilyn Fenn
"Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way." -Booker T. Washington
"All some folks want is their fair share and yours." -Arnold H. Glasow
"We have a limit, a very discouraging, humiliating limit: death." -Umberto Eco
"I think you only really feel like an outsider if you've been an insider." -Sade Adu
"Without a struggle, there can be no progress." -Frederick Douglass
"The ideas dictate everything, you have to be true to that or you're dead." -David Lynch
"In my mind, I've always been an A-list Hollywood superstar. Y'all just didn't know yet." -Will Smith
"I would rather be a beggar and single than a queen and married." -Elizabeth I
"I make films for the 16-year-old in myself sometimes." -Scott Adkins
"All of us have moments in our lives that test our courage. Taking children into a house with a white carpet is one of them." -Erma Bombeck
"If ignorant both of your enemy and yourself, you are certain to be in peril." -Sun Tzu
"It is the folly of too many to mistake the echo of a London coffee-house for the voice of the kingdom." -Jonathan Swift
"We need to respect the oceans and take care of them as if our lives depended on it. Because they do." -Sylvia Earle
"We are so accustomed to disguise ourselves to others that in the end we become disguised to ourselves." -Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"One must never look for happiness: one meets it by the way." -Isabelle Eberhardt
"We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world." -Buddha
"You can't get too much winter in the winter." -Robert Frost
"I don't think I represent all things dubstep. I just like clubbing, so those are the sounds I've chosen to work with." -Katy B
"The only reason for the existence of a novel is that it does attempt to represent life." -Henry James
"I don't have slim children. I have hearty ones." -Jessica Capshaw
"Each child is an adventure into a better life - an opportunity to change the old pattern and make it new." -Hubert H. Humphrey
"I have an imagination because my life is so boring that my imagination lets me get off the reality of what's going on." -Dave Attell
"Why slap them on the wrist with feather when you can belt them over the head with a sledgehammer." -Katharine Hepburn
"It's quite nice to see that I didn't have to change who I was to reach two very different types of people." -Marc Jacobs
"Retirement at sixty-five is ridiculous. When I was sixty-five I still had pimples." -George Burns
"I was born at the age of twelve on an MGM lot." -Judy Garland
"Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential." -Winston Churchill
"People can be more forgiving than you can imagine. But you have to forgive yourself. Let go of what's bitter and move on." -Bill Cosby
"The motto of chivalry is also the motto of wisdom; to serve all, but love only one." -Honore de Balzac
"I have never been hurt by what I have not said." -Calvin Coolidge
"Behind every successful man is a proud wife and a surprised mother-in-law." -Hubert H. Humphrey
"To educate the intelligence is to expand the horizon of its wants and desires." -James Russell Lowell
"One of the reasons I think the ultra right-wing has such power in this country is that no one talks out." -Kathy Acker
"Not having an administrator sends the wrong message to the airline industry." -Maria Cantwell
"All of my lyrics are based on the one thing that's never failed me, and that's the Word of God." -Yolanda Adams
"Architects have made architecture too complex. We need to simplify it and use a language that everyone can understand." -Toyo Ito
"Muscles are in a most intimate and peculiar sense the organs of the will." -G. Stanley Hall
"Life doesn't require that we be the best, only that we try our best." -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"A liar will not be believed, even when he speaks the truth." -Aesop
"The world perishes not from bandits and fires, but from hatred, hostility, and all these petty squabbles." -Anton Chekhov
"History will treat me right." -Ralph Abernathy
"I never had a long-term plan." -Bryan Adams
"I don't think anyone has a right to possess anything he doesn't love - art or anything else." -Billy Baldwin
"I call everyone 'Darling' because I can't remember their names." -Zsa Zsa Gabor
"Next to a sincere compliment, I think I like a well-deserved and honest rebuke." -William Feather
"I am not a player anymore." -Michael Irvin
"I am a hopeless romantic, and so is my wife." -Nick Cannon
"A poem begins as a lump in the throat, a sense of wrong, a homesickness, a lovesickness." -Robert Frost
"I love thee to the depth and breadth and height my soul can reach." -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
"God proved His love on the Cross. When Christ hung, and bled, and died, it was God saying to the world, 'I love you.'" -Billy Graham
"There are so many good authors; there's no shortage of them." -Jeanne Calment
"I'm always drooling over great design, from fashion to furniture." -Janina Gavankar
"Many people flounder about in life because they do not have a purpose, an objective toward which to work." -George Halas
"Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye." -Helen Keller
"When you start to see another human being as less than you, it's a danger." -Immaculee Ilibagiza
"In a movie we try to deceive. In theaters, as they say, the deceived are the wisest." -Casey Affleck
"English music is white - it evades everything." -Edward Elgar
"That is a good question for you to ask, not a wise question for me to answer." -Anthony Eden
"Every cinematographer I worked with had his own way of solving problems." -Conrad Hall
"The US military still blames the media for stories and images that turned the American public against the war in Vietnam." -Bruce Jackson
"It's just me and my 6-month-old puppy. I am not dating anyone." -Bridget Hall
"We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
"Great minds have purposes; others have wishes." -Washington Irving
"I have the willingness to think fully about where opportunities are and where they live." -Theaster Gates
"I've owned mopeds in the past." -Brett Dalton
"Any woman can fool a man if she wants to and if he's in love with her." -Agatha Christie
"I have no interest in directing. I've no talent for it." -Victor Garber
"Above all, I try to create an emotion to which others can respond." -Hal David
"I know netball is the number one female sport in Australia, but hockey also offers a lot." -Casey Eastham
"All I wanted was to connect my moods with those of Paris. Beauty paints and when it painted most, I shot." -Ernst Haas
"The only thing you have to know are your words." -Eva Gabor
"I believe that freedom of speech and freedom of religion go hand-in-hand in America." -Kirk Cameron
"Billy Graham talks about how he doesn't judge people. I don't either. Some people I am just pissed at." -Jessica Hahn
"Washington is like a self-sealing tank on a military aircraft. When a bullet passes through, it closes up." -Dean Acheson
"The more centralized the power, the less compromises need to be made in architecture." -Peter Eisenman
"The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go." -Dr. Seuss
"I've got big shoes to fill. This is my chance to do something. I have to seize the moment." -Andrew Jackson
"The theory of Communism may be summed up in one sentence: Abolish all private property." -Karl Marx
"I was always very focused on how people dressed." -Larry Gagosian
"Choose people who lift you up." -Michelle Obama
"The ego is nothing other than the focus of conscious attention." -Alan Watts
"Don't bother about being modern. Unfortunately it is the one thing that, whatever you do, you cannot avoid." -Salvador Dali
"Do what makes you feel good. Remind yourself of what you're good at and make sure you do that." -Jessie J
"A win is a win." -Stefan Edberg
"When people are taken out of their depths they lose their heads, no matter how charming a bluff they may put up." -F. Scott Fitzgerald
"Just because you've got a hit doesn't mean you've made it." -Tyler Farr
"If you don't work on important problems, it's not likely that you'll do important work." -Richard Hamming
"My dear, did you ever stop to think what a wonderful bunker you would make?" -Walter Hagen
"Your character will be what you yourself choose to make it." -John Lubbock
"I come to Fashion Week events in New York City twice a year." -Oksana Baiul
"I haven't leaked anything to anybody. They are wrong!" -W. Mark Felt
"It was dreadful. They tried to put the little redhead in a cage." -Sarah Ferguson
"The intellect is always fooled by the heart." -Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"A man begins cutting his wisdom teeth the first time he bites off more than he can chew." -Herb Caen
"Everybody in the world has a different reason for wishing they could say things that most people know not to say." -Lisa Edelstein
"Performing in front of a live audience can be pretty intimidating, so having a full head of hair was important to me." -Joey Fatone
"I finished the recordings I had started with Eleven. Matt Cameron joined for the rest of those sessions." -Jack Irons
"Life is like an onion. You peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep." -Carl Sandburg
"Excellence is not a skill, it's an attitude." -Ralph Marston
"The beauty of an art project is that you cannot always measure the impact, but one day it can become clear." -JR
"Housework can't kill you, but why take a chance?" -Phyllis Diller
"The hallmark of our age is the tension between aspirations and sluggish institutions." -John W. Gardner
"I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying." -Oscar Wilde
"People are going to get older and young guys are going to come in and race and get more competitive." -Dale Earnhardt
"I like playing sport. I'm a bit of a design enthusiast, and like spending time with my girlfriend and mates." -Nick D'Aloisio
"We know what we are, but know not what we may be." -William Shakespeare
"The Milky Way is nothing else but a mass of innumerable stars planted together in clusters." -Galileo Galilei
"Acting on a good idea is better than just having a good idea." -Robert Half
"Sometimes children do forget their filial responsibilities." -Abdullah Ahmad Badawi
"I had been, to the age of 25, a bookworm." -Sante D'Orazio
"If I wasn't an actor, I'd be a secret agent." -Thornton Wilder
"The fundamental goal of Republicans and Democrats is to get themselves re-elected." -Mallory Factor
"What's going on in the inside shows on the outside." -Earl Nightingale
"Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered weak and weary." -Edgar Allan Poe
"All fixed set patterns are incapable of adaptability or pliability. The truth is outside of all fixed patterns." -Bruce Lee
"If reason is a universal faculty, the decision of the common mind is the nearest criterion of truth." -George Bancroft
"Alimony is like buying hay for a dead horse." -Groucho Marx
"An 'unemployed' existence is a worse negation of life than death itself." -Jose Ortega y Gasset
"And most of these pilots were lost during the first five flights." -Adolf Galland
"I prefer to say that I am a beautiful person. But the addict is a horrible person." -Daniel Baldwin
"When I used to play nightclubs, you had to play Top 40 or favorite oldies that maybe people could relate to." -Rick Danko
"I don't do that many appearances at conventions. I like to keep them special for me. And for the fans, I hope." -Anthony Daniels
"I think fear of the unknown is the scariest thing." -Katie Featherston
"I want love, because love is the best feeling in the whole world." -Fairuza Balk
"Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago." -Warren Buffett
"Listen to many, speak to a few." -William Shakespeare
"A child did approach me in a restaurant in Cornwall, but he thought I was Gandalf." -Michael Gambon
"The more perfect a thing is, the more susceptible to good and bad treatment it is." -Dante Alighieri
"Then I did Mystic Pizza, just to do something I wasn't fat in." -Vincent D'Onofrio
"Let him that would move the world first move himself." -Socrates
"I'm a very shy person towards my intimacy and private life." -Charlotte Gainsbourg
"I also identify as a Latin person, a person who has Latin blood." -Jessica Hagedorn
"Bridges are perhaps the most invisible form of public architecture." -Bruce Jackson
"Even a stopped clock is right twice a day." -Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
"My love, growing up on the Prairies, was country music." -Randy Bachman
"Lost Illusion is the undisclosed title of every novel." -Andre Maurois
"Before 9/11, absolutely, there were concerns about terrorism; but the world fundamentally changed." -Richard Fadden
"Follow your own star!" -Dante Alighieri
"We have forgotten that curing cancer starts with preventing cancer in the first place." -David Agus
"Constantly probe the people who report to you, and encourage them to probe you." -Ray Dalio
"I'd like to do more family dramas." -Aaron Eckhart
"This hook nose and crab meister attitude has gotten me every job I've ever had. And more divorces than I care to remember." -Norman Fell
"I can't never stop nobody, can't knock nobody hustle." -The Notorious B.I.G.
"Idolatry is really not good for anyone. Not even the idols." -John Bach
"Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work." -Stephen King
"I'm someone who does not like a bunker mentality and does not like groupthink." -Bill de Blasio
"A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way." -John C. Maxwell
"A somebody was once a nobody who wanted to and did." -John Burroughs
"You know, music is sex. It's a sensual driving mode that affects people if it's played a certain way." -Dick Dale
"All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them." -Galileo Galilei
"In Haiti you had the Duvaliers for 29 years and they were very well supported by the United States." -Edwidge Danticat
"There have always been huge musicians and poets in Uruguay, but Uruguay is a well-kept secret." -Juan Campodonico
"My relationships with my cats has saved me from a deadly, pervasive ignorance." -William S. Burroughs
"The fragrance of flowers spreads only in the direction of the wind. But the goodness of a person spreads in all directions." -Chanakya
"I long for books; I am utterly greedy about them." -Deb Caletti
"I don't love duck nails, where the nails are really wide on top. I am not a fan of that!" -Adrienne Bailon
"What I did in my youth is hundreds of times easier today. Technology breeds crime." -Frank Abagnale
"Well, Israel, obviously, thinks of the Iranian nuclear program as an existential threat to Israel." -Robert M. Gates
"Nobody cares about your wardrobe, what your tie looks like, or even if you're wearing one, and I don't." -Bob Edwards
"I am not a sex symbol." -Jason Isaacs
"My favorite things in life don't cost any money. It's really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time." -Steve Jobs
"People are either enamored with me or wonder if they can take me." -Michael Ironside
"There is nothing more American than peaceful protest." -Russ Feingold
"Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit." -Khalil Gibran
"True happiness involves the full use of one's power and talents." -John W. Gardner
"After all my possessions had been burned, God gave me the wisdom to return to Jerusalem." -Shmuel Yosef Agnon
"I think we're all very curious about our own minds, but we just may not have the tools to channel that." -Ariel Garten
"How strange to use 'You only live once' as an excuse to throw it away." -Bill Copeland
"Irony is the gaiety of reflection and the joy of wisdom." -Anatole France
"Fortunately, I've never been very conscious and inhibited of what I have to do. The camera's my soul mate." -Vidya Balan
"We are all apprentices in a craft where no one ever becomes a master." -Ernest Hemingway
"Mini dresses that have an over skirt of tulle makes it traditional and modern at the same time." -Reem Acra
"My grandma is kind of a rock star. She goes to France and all over." -Brandon T. Jackson
"You never know what you find once you really get going." -Jan Hammer
"Real happiness is cheap enough, yet how dearly we pay for its counterfeit." -Hosea Ballou
"You cannot believe in God until you believe in yourself." -Swami Vivekananda
"Money and success don't change people; they merely amplify what is already there." -Will Smith
"I will, from this day strive to forge togetherness out of our differences." -Josefa Iloilo
"Almost every time I make a building, some people will condemn it straight to Hell." -Arne Jacobsen
"Love implies anger. The man who is angered by nothing cares about nothing." -Edward Abbey
"Part of me suspects that I'm a loser, and the other part of me thinks I'm God Almighty." -John Lennon
"Women do feel like they're in a box. Society, Hollywood, some men-they want to wrap women up in a neat little package." -Sherilyn Fenn
"Remember there's no such thing as a small act of kindness. Every act creates a ripple with no logical end." -Scott Adams
"It is our experience that political leaders do not always mean the opposite of what they say." -Abba Eban
"Home life ceases to be free and beautiful as soon as it is founded on borrowing and debt." -Henrik Ibsen
"My favorite tennis player, who I'm amazed by, is Roger Federer." -Doug Davidson
"Life is a right, not collateral or casual." -Suheir Hammad
"You need the willingness to fail all the time." -John Backus
"I have two sisters, and we are the best of friends." -Laura Carmichael
"I really love Las Vegas. It's, like, my favorite place to be. I love to DJ out there. It is the place to be as a DJ." -Pauly D
"When my wife died, I booked myself into the studio just to work, to occupy myself." -Johnny Cash
"I love to write." -Kara Hayward
"Politics is the entertainment branch of industry." -Frank Zappa
"It is not length of life, but depth of life." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Sometimes you're afraid to fall in love with a chick, but she sucks you in anyway." -Sammy Hagar
"Time is flying never to return." -Virgil
"I love mysticism - it's such fun." -Jerry Hall
"I've always wanted to be a brooding, deep, dark artist, but I can never keep that facade going for more than 15 minutes." -Bryan Callen
"Missing your lunch is not exactly the end of the world." -Mike Jackson
"A rabid sports fan is one that boos a TV set." -Jimmy Cannon
"We're all creating an archive of our own lives, whether we're aware of it or not." -Hasan M. Elahi
"See things from the boy's point of view." -Robert Baden-Powell
"It isn't the mountain ahead that wears you out; it's the grain of sand in your shoe." -Robert W. Service
"You need that guy like a giraffe needs strep throat." -Ann Landers
"God may not play dice but he enjoys a good round of Trivial Pursuit every now and again." -Federico Fellini
"I am always training because I love it." -Gina Carano
"Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle." -Abraham Lincoln
"I am just an old-fashioned girl." -Rose Kennedy
"When a man is wrong and won't admit it, he always gets angry." -Thomas Chandler Haliburton
"Science can purify religion from error and superstition. Religion can purify science from idolatry and false absolutes." -Pope John Paul II
"The true object of all human life is play. Earth is a task garden; heaven is a playground." -Gilbert K. Chesterton
"Just because I don't show six-pack abs doesn't mean that I don't have them." -Abhishek Bachchan
"Transcendental meditation is like a car, a vehicle that allows you to go within. It's a mental technique." -David Lynch
"Come what may, all bad fortune is to be conquered by endurance." -Virgil
"Speech and having a stammer is obviously a big part of my life." -Gareth Gates
"I don't need that much to live - we don't need that much to have a wonderful life. I learned that from animals." -Carrie Ann Inaba
"I'm thinking to myself, I just love doing the art, it takes me a morning to do." -Eddie Campbell
"No one ever attains success by simply doing what is required of him." -Charles Kendall Adams
"Do dirt, get dirt. So I treat people with the same respect that I want." -DMX
"But protagonists are protagonists and heroes are heroes." -David Baldacci
"I can't think why mothers love them. All babies do is leak at both ends." -Douglas Feaver
"I made a mistake when I said there were no gas chambers at Auschwitz." -David Irving
"Freedom from the desire for an answer is essential to the understanding of a problem." -Jiddu Krishnamurti
"I felt very comfortable about myself when I was much heavier. I feel much better about myself from being fit." -Jeff Garlin
"The one thing about being on 'ER' that has changed is that I'm more easily recognizable." -Linda Cardellini
"And when it rains on your parade, look up rather than down. Without the rain, there would be no rainbow." -Gilbert K. Chesterton
"I think if you're half-hearted you shouldn't go into acting." -Jane Badler
"The world always seems brighter when you've just made something that wasn't there before." -Neil Gaiman
"Who wants an orange whip? Orange whip? Orange whip? Three orange whips." -John Candy
"Turkey will not let Turkish territory or airspace be used in any activity that could harm the security or safety of Syria." -Ali Babacan
"Everybody needs history but the people who need it most are poor folks - people without resources or options." -Henry Hampton
"My family is my life, and everything else comes second as far as what's important to me." -Michael Imperioli
"Tomorrow is only found in the calendar of fools." -Og Mandino
"Because I came out as a singer, I took the time to get an acting coach." -Aaliyah
"Jesse Jackson, when I met him, he had an innocence about him which is still very much a part of him today." -Jackie Jackson
"It all changed when I realized I'm not the only one on the planet who's scared. Everyone else is, too." -Stan Dale
"Actors who say they can dive inside a character are either schizophrenic or lying." -Bruce Campbell
"Laughter brings out the child in all of us." -Bill Cosby
"Most of us regard good luck as our right, and bad luck as a betrayal of that right." -William Feather
"It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it." -Lou Holtz
"If I loved you less, I might be able to talk about it more." -Jane Austen
"When people are in the midst of really heavy stuff and still have a sense of humor, I admire that." -Ted Danson
"Management is nothing more than motivating other people." -Lee Iacocca
"All of my books come from something that I happen to be working out at a given point in my life. It's kind of self-therapy." -Deb Caletti
"The white man's happiness cannot be purchased by the black man's misery." -Frederick Douglass
"I strive for an architecture from which nothing can be taken away." -Helmut Jahn
"I think most people are more susceptible to prejudice than to reason." -Roger Ebert
"And now for Return to Flight, I'm chief of robotics working in the astronaut office in Houston, as a Canadian." -Chris Hadfield
"Love's greatest gift is its ability to make everything it touches sacred." -Barbara de Angelis
"Helping people boost themselves out of poverty is the best way to make a lasting positive difference in a person's life." -Naveen Jain
"The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitudes." -William James
"One does not meet oneself until one catches the reflection from an eye other than human." -Loren Eiseley
"Men are allowed to age. Men are allowed to gain weight. Men are allowed to be quirky looking." -Janeane Garofalo
"I get involved if a problem comes up after the death has been investigated by the local authority." -Michael Baden
"I'm more interested in enjoying my life and looking after my family than being hugely successful." -James D'arcy
"But time growing old teaches all things." -Aeschylus
"I think every red-blooded male enjoys brandishing a firearm." -Scott Adkins
"You can have peace. Or you can have freedom. Don't ever count on having both at once." -Robert A. Heinlein
"Imagination is at the root of much that passes for love." -Gilbert Parker
"One of the reasons people stop learning is that they become less and less willing to risk failure." -John W. Gardner
"I've studied dance since I was very young, and I continue to study ballet." -Sarah Gadon
"I used my instincts. It's very easy to imagine how you'd feel, actually. I just had to tell the narrative." -Christopher Eccleston
"Basically, between 1989 and 1994, I hadn't taken a vacation." -Evan Dando
"I've never been that confident. I don't tend to think, swaggeringly, 'I'm going to ace this.' It's just not who I am." -Jennifer Egan
"An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have. The older she gets the more interested he is in her." -Agatha Christie
"I was never afraid of anything in the world except the dentist." -Taylor Caldwell
"The catch phrase for the day is 'Do an act of kindness. Help one person smile.'" -Harvey Ball
"Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results." -Willie Nelson
"Beginnings are always messy." -John Galsworthy
"Being used to scientific terminology and theory it was always natural for me to push this stuff into songs." -Peter Hammill
"I tend to wear leather pants with crew neck sweaters or leather jackets with denim." -Nina Garcia
"We're all grown women now; if we wanna do something, we can't be stopped!" -Natasha Hamilton
"Beyond being Jewish, I've always found myself to be very much in tune with spirituality." -Paula Abdul
"I want a guy who can clean my gutters and kill my spiders - who's simple yet layered." -Kelli Garner
"Experts often possess more data than judgment." -Colin Powell
"It's funny; I actually made poorer decisions when I sobered up then when I was screwed up." -Corey Feldman
"I take my wife everywhere, but she keeps finding her way back." -Henny Youngman
"I loved scary movies growing up." -Katie Featherston
"I have never experienced another human being. I have experienced my impressions of them." -Robert Anton Wilson
"To rule one's anger is well; to prevent it is better." -Tryon Edwards
"I love drag queens... they perform me better than I ever could myself." -Taylor Dane
"I lend people money, but I'd never lend something that would jeopardise a friendship if I didn't get it back." -Paloma Faith
"I know that one day I would love to do a musical." -Guillaume Canet
"Well, you know, I played Mufasa in the workshop of The Lion King." -Keith David
"I'm ready to create." -John Galliano
"Womanist is to feminist as purple is to lavender." -Alice Walker
"Constantly choosing the lesser of two evils is still choosing evil." -Jerry Garcia
"We feel that what's too far is when you make a joke and somebody gets hurt." -Bobby Farrelly
"I even have shoes that don't fit. They're just so cool, I wanted to have them." -Afrojack
"When bright young minds can't afford college, America pays the price." -Arthur Ashe
"I have devoted much time and energy to helping medical physics in developing countries." -John Cameron
"The Internet is becoming the town square for the global village of tomorrow." -Bill Gates
"The National Socialist Party in Austria never tried to hide its inclination for a greater Germany." -Arthur Seyss-Inquart
"Labor to keep alive in your breast that little spark of celestial fire, called conscience." -George Washington
"Nations have come under the control of haters and fools." -Carroll O'Connor
"Economics is not a discipline that comes to correct answers - economies are too complex." -Adam Davidson
"Life would be tragic if it weren't funny." -Stephen Hawking
"To be witty is not enough. One must possess sufficient wit to avoid having too much of it." -Andre Maurois
"There's no bigger task than protecting the homeland of our country." -George W. Bush
"The everyday kindness of the back roads more than makes up for the acts of greed in the headlines." -Charles Kuralt
"Take away love and our earth is a tomb." -Robert Browning
"I hope people remember me for the kind of person that I am, not because of what I do." -Sean Faris
"Life seems but a quick succession of busy nothings." -Jane Austen
"The dog that trots about finds a bone." -Golda Meir
"When you want a thing done, 'Don't do it yourself' is a good motto for Scoutmasters." -Robert Baden-Powell
"I'm not lesbian; I'm not bisexual; I'm not straight. I'm just curious." -Alice Walker
"All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them." -Walt Disney
"Music in the soul can be heard by the universe." -Lao Tzu
"It is difficult to get men to pick up a female author. Women will read men, but men won't read women." -Lisa Gardner
"If you combine good flavors, food turns into an orchestra." -Joey Fatone
"I just want to love and be loved." -Jennie Garth
"I love the NFL. I don't have a team per se, but I'm into it." -Noel Gallagher
"A soul without a high aim is like a ship without a rudder." -Eileen Caddy
"I've never looked through a keyhole without finding someone was looking back." -Judy Garland
"I just thank God I can make a living doing something I enjoy as much as I do playing music." -Charlie Daniels
"I think I'm just like a lot of people who had nothing." -Alec Baldwin
"If you expect the blessings of God, be kind to His people." -Abu Bakr
"It was very cool to be honored and be acknowledged in that way for the first time ever, being nominated for an Emmy." -Sheila E.
"Grant me some wild expressions, Heavens, or I shall burst." -George Farquhar
"Switzerland is a country where very few things begin, but many things end." -F. Scott Fitzgerald
"I like tragedies, whether they're sci-fi or something else, but I can't say I know much about any genre in particular." -Leos Carax
"I just go out and play." -Johnny Damon
"I don't have a waist: I'm a breadbox on top of legs." -Tyne Daly
"The awareness of our own strength makes us modest." -Paul Cezanne
"I am always happiest in an ensemble." -Blythe Danner
"Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something." -Plato
"Satire is traditionally the weapon of the powerless against the powerful." -Molly Ivins
"John Cleese once told me he'd do anything for money. So I offered him a pound to shut up, and he took it." -Eric Idle
"Obama's endorsement of gay marriage is hardly as consequential as Johnson's legislative success on civil rights." -Robert Dallek
"Consensus is what many people say in chorus but do not believe as individuals." -Abba Eban
"In order to make money the first thing is to have no need of it." -Ludovic Halevy
"Our lab had always refrained from keeping our studies secret." -Peter Agre
"I've been doing a lot of stuff that has to do with charity and giving. I'm trying to give and not take as much." -Mark Indelicato
"I was born in 1950 and watched science fiction and horror movies on TV and was always really fascinated by them." -Rick Baker
"When I first came up, the bullpen was pretty much where they put the guys who couldn't start." -Dennis Eckersley
"Men should pledge themselves to nothing; for reflection makes a liar of their resolution." -Sophocles
"Our first thought is always for those on life's first rung, and how we might increase their chances of climbing." -Mitch Daniels
"There was never a point in my life where I gave up. My marriage, as you know, fell apart." -Deidre Hall
"To know the right means of getting something done is virtually to have done it." -Mark Caine
"I don't think I really have a talent for movie acting. I'm not bad at it, but I don't think I really have a talent for it." -Alec Baldwin
"At the United Nations, a lynch mob for Israel is always just a moment away." -Elliott Abrams
"There is a little chubby kid in me just waiting to bust out. I usually go running but am looking for a good gym." -Jason Earles
"I think a story should take as long to tell as it is appropriate to that particular story." -Frank Darabont
"Painting is silent poetry, and poetry is painting that speaks." -Plutarch
"Look within. Within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig." -Marcus Aurelius
"Music is a safe kind of high." -Jimi Hendrix
"All children have to be deceived if they are to grow up without trauma." -Kazuo Ishiguro
"The worst form of inequality is to try to make unequal things equal." -Aristotle
"Whoever is happy will make others happy too." -Anne Frank
"Anytime you do something different, a lot of attention gets put on it." -Roy Halladay
"We are all selfish and I no more trust myself than others with a good motive." -Lord Byron
"I called the New World into existence, to redress the balance of the Old." -George Canning
"Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep." -Scott Adams
"The real glory is being knocked to your knees and then coming back. That's real glory. That's the essence of it." -Vince Lombardi
"Shyness is inherently uncomfortable; introversion is not. The traits do overlap, though psychologists debate to what degree." -Susan Cain
"If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." -Booker T. Washington
"Don't be late. Learn your lines. Be good to people. Treat people nice." -Rhys Ifans
"A dream becomes a goal when action is taken toward its achievement." -Bo Bennett
"I like to look like a tomboy during the day and then a pin-up girl at night." -Josephine de La Baume
"The things I want to know are in books; my best friend is the man who'll get me a book I ain't read." -Abraham Lincoln
"There are in most states one or two ministers of war, one of whom is the minister of naval affairs." -Fredrik Bajer
"I'm a big taco fan." -Leslie Easterbrook
"As you think, so shall you become." -Bruce Lee
"But you can't extend, or go beyond any point musically, without the basic fundamentals." -Chico Hamilton
"By a Carpenter mankind was made, and only by that Carpenter can mankind be remade." -Desiderius Erasmus
"To me, the word 'hero' hasn't got positive or negative value - 'hero' is the person who leads you through the story." -Pierfrancesco Favino
"The No. 1 cause of preventable death for young black men is not auto accidents or accidental drowning, but homicide." -Larry Elder
"For three years, I had embarrassing haircuts." -Chris Hemsworth
"I do have a lucky pair of underwear." -Brendan Fehr
"I have a name, I have to take advantage of it." -Pierre Cardin
"You appreciate things after you lose them." -Jaromir Jagr
"It is not he who gains the exact point in dispute who scores most in controversy - but he who has shown the better temper." -Samuel Butler
"For love is immortality." -Emily Dickinson
"Commitment is an act, not a word." -Jean-Paul Sartre
"If I only dated actresses, I'd be a very lonely man." -Joshua Jackson
"Even though I'm retired for some years now I still have something positive to say to kids. And they still listen." -Stephen Baker
"There's nothing better than not knowing what's going to happen until you put the pieces together." -Feist
"Everything changes as you get older - your mind, your body, the way you view the world." -Antonio Banderas
"I feel like I've been a Yankee my whole life." -Johnny Damon
"I don't go see big, silly movies. I like small things about regular folks, you know?" -Bobby Cannavale
"Vision without power does bring moral elevation but cannot give a lasting culture." -Muhammad Iqbal
"I think your whole life shows in your face and you should be proud of that." -Lauren Bacall
"Marriage is a wonderful institution, but who would want to live in an institution?" -H. L. Mencken
"When I started to recording, I gave the name of Honeyboy, but my people only knew me by Honey." -David Edwards
"The reason my voice is sounding more passionate is because I'm singing directly from the heart." -Sammy Hagar
"Everybody needs that one person that takes you to the right place to see all the positives in your life." -Christina Aguilera
"The era of gentleman racing drivers is ended." -Enzo Ferrari
"I like writing about friends." -Julie Garwood
"I'm a huge fan of women; I think we're great." -Nikki Haley
"I'm a parrot. I can pick up an accent and just do it." -Brion James
"I saw The Sound of Music when I was 10 and thought that it was the most beautiful singing I had ever heard." -Lesley Garrett
"All the time spent idly, is spent wickedly, and is unfaithfulness to our masters." -Jupiter Hammon
"It's funny how most people love the dead, once you are dead you are made for life." -Jimi Hendrix
"The Epistle is a correction of profession without life, and most valuable in this respect." -John Nelson Darby
"Fortunately my career has never been about how I look, it's about how I can be." -Imelda Staunton
"Truth will always be truth, regardless of lack of understanding, disbelief or ignorance." -W. Clement Stone
"I'm such an advocate for animal rights and environmental rights." -Beau Garrett
"We just want to be remembered before something is set in stone." -Bill Dana
"We live, not as we wish to, but as we can." -Mencius
"I respectfully decline the invitation to join your hallucination." -Scott Adams
"I have never killed a man, but I have read many obituaries with great pleasure." -Clarence Darrow
"Pro Tools was invented to quicken the recording process." -Alex Ebert
"A platitude is simply a truth repeated till people get tired of hearing it." -Stanley Baldwin
"We never know the love of a parent till we become parents ourselves." -Henry Ward Beecher
"We have more and more ways to communicate, as Thoreau noted, but less and less to say." -Pico Iyer
"Everything in the world exists to end up in a book." -Hosea Ballou
"Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!" -Audrey Hepburn
"I don't see myself as a violent guy." -Gene Hackman
"I don't believe anyone wants to hear what I have to say." -Eugene Fama
"It's better to get a rosebud while you're alive than a whole bouquet after you're dead." -Home Run Baker
"The only thing I change mainly is my sneakers. I love sneakers. But everything's sort of black or jeans. Jeans, always." -Idris Elba
"I will argue my points; I will have my opinions. But at the end of the day, it's the director's choice." -Amy Irving
"The thing that lies at the foundation of positive change, the way I see it, is service to a fellow human being." -Lee Iacocca
"The beginning of wisdom is to desire it." -Solomon Ibn Gabirol
"I want nothing to do with privilege." -James Gandolfini
"People have to learn who they are - you can't have somebody else telling you who you are." -Hale Irwin
"No, I don't believe in hard work. If something is hard, leave it. Let it come to you. Let it happen." -Jeremy Irons
"Piano should be the one. Yeah, because that's your basis. Everything is right there in front of you." -Billy Eckstine
"I like to fish. Fishing is always a way of relaxing." -Tom Felton
"Activism could be defined as activities engaged in by individuals to change there of others situation." -Ben Edwards
"I don't believe in spending money lavishly, now that I'm making money." -Ansel Elgort
"Energy, like the biblical grain of the mustard-seed, will remove mountains." -Hosea Ballou
"Any terrorism is an attack on libertarian values." -P. J. O'Rourke
"Laws are like cobwebs, which may catch small flies, but let wasps and hornets break through." -Jonathan Swift
"Believe half of what you see and only some of what you hear, unless you hear it from me." -Chris Daughtry
"Prayer is the key of the morning and the bolt of the evening." -Mahatma Gandhi
"I am confident that if we stand for the hope and freedom of others we will make our own freedom more secure." -Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj
"My mind is always racing, and always going and always working, and it's a gift and a curse." -Sean Combs
"We find many things to which the prohibition of them constitutes the only temptation." -William Hazlitt
"'Henry V' is a great deal more than almost any other hell-bent-for-armor movie that you've seen." -Manny Farber
"That's what rock music is, I think - constantly searching for authenticity, and being as honest as possible." -Jonathan Jackson
"NAFTA and GATT have about as much to do with free trade as the Patriot Act has to do with liberty." -Michael Badnarik
"I think everything should be in verse. 'The New York Times' should be in verse." -David Ives
"I don't think I had a reputation as a hard worker, but inside I was always being eaten up by the pressures." -Charles Kuralt
"You can change your world by changing your words... Remember, death and life are in the power of the tongue." -Joel Osteen
"We must correct the problems and inequities in the way we conduct and decide elections in the United States." -Tom Daschle
"God created the family to provide the maximum love and support and morality and example that one can imagine." -Jerry Falwell
"I'm growing very talented at watching blood and guts on screen because I have zero emotional response." -Nicholas D'Agosto
"The more that you come to know Jesus for who He really is, loving Him is not a problem." -John Eldredge
"There can be a fundamental gulf of gracelessness in a human heart which neither our love nor our courage can bridge." -Patrick Campbell
"The capacity for delight is the gift of paying attention." -Julia Margaret Cameron
"I love diamond facials - they leave me glowing and refreshed." -Fergie
"Major League Baseball has prostate awareness for two weeks leading up to Father's Day, and I want to get involved in that." -Steve Garvey
"A lot of people say that comedy doesn't travel well. I found it very accessible." -Mark Addy
"The more competitive value of the dollar turned around the trade deficit." -Martin Feldstein
"I just worked with Sofia Coppola and that was amazing. I learned so much from her. I can't even describe how much fun I had." -Elle Fanning
"Do you know most of the Jewish songs have the same trend of sadness as Negro spirituals?" -Mahalia Jackson
"I have always been much better at asking questions than knowing what the answers were." -Bill James
"The ultimate value of life depends upon awareness and the power of contemplation rather than upon mere survival." -Aristotle
"This is the thing you dream about when you're a kid, even before getting into the league." -Allen Iverson
"Anyone who thus looks up has some chance of becoming worthy to be looked up to in turn." -Irving Babbitt
"And bitter waxed the fray; Brother with brother spake no word When they met in the way." -Jean Ingelow
"I've always liked new writing." -Imelda Staunton
"The Germans and I no longer speak the same language." -Marlene Dietrich
"The worst thing in this world, next to anarchy, is government." -Henry Ward Beecher
"Earth's crammed with heaven, And every common bush afire with God: But only he who sees takes off his shoes." -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
"People living deeply have no fear of death." -Anais Nin
"It's easy to be led astray when you're so broken. People take advantage of you." -Willie Aames
"In no instance have... the churches been guardians of the liberties of the people." -James Madison
"I've been a fan of electronic music since the beginning." -Jonathan Davis
"I had a terrible stammering problem when I was young, and as a result I spent a lot of time alone." -Ken Venturi
"I've never seen a moon in the sky that, if it didn't take my breath away, at least misplaced it for a moment." -Colin Farrell
"I am not a religious person, but I am spiritual. But I don't believe in things like guilt." -Janet Jackson
"Trust dies but mistrust blossoms." -Sophocles
"Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably the reason why so few engage in it." -Henry Ford
"Art is what you can get away with." -Andy Warhol
"A psychiatrist asks a lot of expensive questions your wife asks for nothing." -Joey Adams
"I never had to try as a kid to stay in shape. In a way, there was no willpower involved." -Jamie Bamber
"We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations." -Charles R. Swindoll
"I want to be America's Margaret Thatcher. I will be the next Iron Lady." -Michele Bachmann
"Everything the Beats stood for was the opposite of the dominant culture today." -Lawrence Ferlinghetti
"I think I have a lot of crazy layers." -Blythe Danner
"I was born in the Bronx, and then my father moved us to the country at an early age." -Abel Ferrara
"Good order is the foundation of all things." -Edmund Burke
"If you could eat portions of pine trees, you could eliminate corn in many ways." -Homaro Cantu
"When people around me are getting rattled, I may just close my eyes and do a breathing exercise." -Carla Hall
"I have been overwhelmed by the response that I have received on the doorstep during this campaign." -Anne Campbell
"In looking back, I see nothing to regret and little to correct." -John C. Calhoun
"Golf is so popular simply because it is the best game in the world at which to be bad." -A. A. Milne
"Unfortunately, there are not many people in the world who get to experience the Olympic Games." -Casey Eastham
"The thing about democracy, beloveds, is that it is not neat, orderly, or quiet. It requires a certain relish for confusion." -Molly Ivins
"I mean, I didn't have a huge upbringing with movies, I guess." -Peter Jackson
"If I had been a member of the academic establishment, I could have done other experiments." -Albert Ellis
"I'm not the typical dress size - being a model just isn't how I think of myself." -Josephine de La Baume
"Whenever I've directed something, there's this feeling of demand and focus that I like." -J. J. Abrams
"When I said I was going to audition for a film, I got a hearty laugh from all my family." -Victoria Abril
"Never wound a snake; kill it." -Harriet Tubman
"I didn't know I was compared to Elizabeth Montgomery, but I think that I'm in very good company with her." -Barbara Eden
"It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believed in myself." -Muhammad Ali
"I am waiting for them to prove that God is really American." -Lawrence Ferlinghetti
"In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy." -William Blake
"I think as time goes by you'll get female comics who are weirder - you'll get a female Mighty Boosh." -Jenny Eclair
"I have always had an attorney on retainer, and now I believe I will have to put him to work." -Jeff Gannon
"I tested a lot of old cornbread recipes and most of them were bland or tough." -Jeremy Jackson
"We live in the mind, in ideas, in fragments. We no longer drink in the wild outer music of the streets - we remember only." -Henry Miller
"I still do television. I don't care. I just want to work. I love to work. I want to do 500 movies." -Brion James
"Violence does, in truth, recoil upon the violent, and the schemer falls into the pit which he digs for another." -Arthur Conan Doyle
"I'm a strong man, and usually I get over hurts and it makes me stronger when I come back." -Dusty Baker
"Every normal man must be tempted, at times, to spit on his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats." -H. L. Mencken
"We have one authority and one law and everyone has the responsibility to follow that law and that authority." -Mahmoud Abbas
"I have kind of an iron stomach." -Joey Fatone
"Television, although It's in steep decline, still occasionally gives voices to people who don't have voices." -Christopher Eccleston
"Early in my career, my 3-, 5- and 9-irons performed differently than my other irons. But I adapted and made them work." -Hale Irwin
"I drink a lot of protein shakes and do a lot of weight lifting." -Chanel Iman
"It is more difficult to keep the attention of hearers than of readers." -Lascelles Abercrombie
"I don't use any techniques; I'm not trained to be an actor. I just enjoy working in films." -Amitabh Bachchan
"My mother put me on birth control as soon as I told her I wanted to go on it. I was 16. I was very young." -Morena Baccarin
"Peace, of course, is different from divorce; indeed, in essential respects, divorce is the opposite of peace." -Douglas Feith
"Just take the ball and throw it where you want to. Throw strikes. Home plate don't move." -Satchel Paige
"Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest." -Mark Twain
"I will never be cynical again about people." -Dick Ebersol
"My childhood dream was to play basketball, actually." -Godfrey Gao
"That man is not truly brave who is afraid either to seem or to be, when it suits him, a coward." -Edgar Allan Poe
"I go gladly to my wife and boy, and I leave this world at peace with every one in it and at peace with God." -Alex Campbell
"The only reason I don't like playing in the World Series is I can't watch myself play." -Reggie Jackson
"If you want to beat me up, feel free. You cannot beat me up more than I have already beaten up myself." -John Edwards
"Good communication is just as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard to sleep after." -Anne Morrow Lindbergh
"Their is no defense against criticism except obscurity." -Joseph Addison
"I wish thee as much pleasure in the reading, as I had in the writing." -Francis Quarles
"I went to school on a military base in Germany. I got a lot of my clothes at the army surplus store." -Debby Ryan
"Evolution is a tinkerer." -Francois Jacob
"Superstition is only the fear of belief, while religion is the confidence." -Marguerite Gardiner
"Some people take 10 years to write a book and some can do one in under a year." -David Baldacci
"I would DJ pool parties in Minneapolis, but I never swam there!" -Barkhad Abdi
"I feel that I have grown so much as an actor being on 'Homeland.'" -Morena Baccarin
"What I do doesn't sit well in the world of hipsterville. I don't have a cool card, but I also don't have thin skin." -Chris Daughtry
"Like religion, politics, and family planning, cereal is not a topic to be brought up in public. It's too controversial." -Erma Bombeck
"The mandala describes balance. This is so whatever the pictorial form." -Stephen Gardiner
"Smokey Robinson is one of my heroes as a singer and songwriter; a major influence on my own music from the very start." -Daryl Hall
"Tears of joy are like the summer rain drops pierced by sunbeams." -Hosea Ballou
"The beauty we love is very silent. It smiles softly to itself, but never speaks." -Richard Le Gallienne
"The cinema occupies an important place in the overall development of art and literature." -Kim Jong Il
"Kindness is wisdom." -Philip James Bailey
"I had rather be first in a village than second at Rome." -Julius Caesar
"I learned a long time ago that reality was much weirder than anyone's imagination." -Hunter S. Thompson
"When I'm out and about, I'll text or email myself from my phone. A smart phone is a great tool for a writer." -Steven Hall
"Alimony is like buying oats for a dead horse." -Arthur Baer
"A face to lose youth for, to occupy age With the dream of, meet death with." -Robert Browning
"You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do." -Henry Ford
"I'm not too keen on jokes that are one-liners. I want the situation to be funny." -Philippe Falardeau
"Prayer is as natural an expression of faith as breathing is of life." -Jonathan Edwards
"We are all human and fall short of where we need to be. We must never stop trying to be the best we can be." -Richard Adams
"It is neither wealth nor splendor; but tranquility and occupation which give you happiness." -Thomas Jefferson
"If someone's dumb enough to offer me a million dollars to make a picture, I'm certainly not dumb enough to turn it down." -Elizabeth Taylor
"If real churches exist, such persons are not called on to make them." -John Nelson Darby
"Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy." -Anne Frank
"Tact is the ability to describe others as they see themselves." -Abraham Lincoln
"An actor has to embody a role." -Taylor Hackford
"Look around for a place to sow a few seeds." -Henry Van Dyke
"We have to face the reality of climate change. It is arguably the biggest threat we are facing today." -William Hague
"I think my mom and dad knew from the very beginning that I was destined to go into public service." -Janice Hahn
"I've always been ambitious to be very good at what I do." -Glenda Jackson
"I am indeed amazed when I consider how weak my mind is and how prone to error." -Rene Descartes
"I never really considered acting as a career until I moved to New York." -Michael C. Hall
"My mobile phone battery runs out all the time because all the messages come straight to me." -Ed Balls
"L.A.'s become so cosmopolitan in its casting and also in its world view." -Jamie Bamber
"Nowadays, I really like playing in studios." -Derek Bailey
"Live one day at a time emphasizing ethics rather than rules." -Wayne Dyer
"In my household there is an insane amount of laughter and celebration." -Edie Falco
"Informed by our sad experience of history, we require nothing short of a foundation for lasting democracy." -Ibrahim Babangida
"I love doing comedy - I get a laugh out of it, it's not so serious." -Carmen Electra
"I studied cooking in Spain after college." -Jose Garces
"I always bring my Jiffy Esteam steamer to get the wrinkles out of our clothes. It's powerful enough to press a suit." -Jesse Tyler Ferguson
"I can't go on. I'll go on." -Samuel Beckett
"Come forth into the light of things, let nature be your teacher." -William Wordsworth
"My father was a psychiatrist and a social worker but he was a very talented painter and musician and writer on the side." -Tunde Adebimpe
"To survive it is often necessary to fight and to fight you have to dirty yourself." -George Orwell
"When I was in south Sudan, people used to rap in my village. But the rapping was more in the mother tongue, Nuer." -Emmanuel Jal
"The most powerful part of the art is experiential, yet it's the hardest to describe because it's nonverbal." -Janet Echelman
"In the end, drama is successful if you care about the people." -Julian Fellowes
"It's hard to measure up to 'Battlestar' - it's hard not to measure things against it." -Jamie Bamber
"We never respect those who amuse us, however we may smile at their comic powers." -Marguerite Gardiner
"To some degree. I know I couldn't do it anymore." -Chuck Daly
"Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you." -Les Brown
"Jane Austen is very amusing." -James Callis
"I was actually very ugly. I was ugly. I felt very insecure." -Jessica Hahn
"I'm lucky I had some teachers who saw something in me." -Ann Bancroft
"I will always be open to receive my friends. I will not force myself on them." -Ralph Abernathy
"I'm not versed enough in constitutional law to run for office. I'd have to go back to school or something." -Zach Galifianakis
"But to have a friend, and to be true under any and all trials, is the mark of a man!" -Charles Eastman
"Climate change is also clearly a matter of huge interest and concern for the scientific community." -Peter Garrett
"I don't think any actors love taking their clothes off on film, unless you're an exhibitionist, which I'm certainly not." -Tamsin Egerton
"My soldier weapon is the weapon of truth." -Oriana Fallaci
"Tired of nagging your kids to hurry up, get dressed, drink their milk and brush their teeth? Here's a radical idea: Don't." -Bruce Feiler
"I think governments are the cancer of civilization." -Chuck D
"Growing up, I was not used to good things happening to me." -Quinton Aaron
"The first human who hurled an insult instead of a stone was the founder of civilization." -Sigmund Freud
"I take responsibility for myself and what I do now." -Paul Gascoigne
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." -George Bernard Shaw
"Read not Milton, for he is dry; nor Shakespeare, for he wrote of common life." -Charles Stuart Calverley
"The way to preserve the peace of the church is to preserve its purity." -Matthew Henry
"One should not confuse the craving for life with endorsement of it." -Elias Canetti
"Lexington did launch its air group when a Japanese carrier was reported." -Jack Adams
"Our brains are either our greatest assets or our greatest liabilities." -Robert Kiyosaki
"I hope to make movies that are so small they don't need to make anything to be profitable." -J. J. Abrams
"Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory." -George S. Patton
"Wasted Days and Wasted Nights, it's about days very wrongly invested in a love affair." -Freddy Fender
"The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"On those, I've said it before, I work free. It's the waiting they pay me for." -Hector Elizondo
"I don't look on the Internet; it's a world of pain." -Max Irons
"Bookstores don't exactly dot the American highway in the grand manner of Sbarros." -Rosecrans Baldwin
"If it weren't for the fact that the TV set and the refrigerator are so far apart, some of us wouldn't get any exercise at all." -Joey Adams
"I think there is a degree of speculation that is satisfied the climate is changing." -Ted Baillieu
"A quick temper will make a fool of you soon enough." -Bruce Lee
"And I just thought, this is what I want to be. And I knew that dancing would be my chosen profession." -Suzanne Farrell
"Aspire rather to be a hero than merely appear one." -Baltasar Gracian
"I will be happy with certainly when the corruption index improve." -Abdullah Ahmad Badawi
"I'm more than an actor. I'm an icon, an industry." -Corey Feldman
"It is easy to be brave from a safe distance." -Aesop
"When an Indian fights, he only shoots to kill." -Chief Joseph
"I'm very independent." -Kate Bosworth
"Sometimes paranoia's just having all the facts." -William S. Burroughs
"Computers are great tools, but they need to be applied to the physical world." -Tony Fadell
"Think on your toes, use what's around you, and come up with something organic and fun." -Zac Efron
"I'm having the same problems today that I had when I first started, saying that outrageous adult animation works." -Ralph Bakshi
"I know I'm always rooting for the underdog in a fight, and I love to be constantly surprised." -Gina Carano
"Science never solves a problem without creating ten more." -George Bernard Shaw
"It is not titles that honor men, but men that honor titles." -Niccolo Machiavelli
"In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty." -Christopher Morley
"The state of my poor boy's health prevents me from leaving home for a night." -Edward Irving
"I played for anybody and everybody from the time I started playing guitar, when I was 10 or 11." -Janis Ian
"Most men pursue pleasure with such breathless haste that they hurry past it." -Soren Kierkegaard
"Up to now I've done everything I've wanted to do the way I wanted to do myself." -Hasil Adkins
"I'm not sure where my career is going here in Cincinnati." -Dusty Baker
"The anti-elitist values in America, I think, are very destructive to education." -Joshua Jackson
"There is no such thing as a perfect basketball player, and I don't believe there is only one greatest player either." -Michael Jordan
"I am in politics because of the conflict between good and evil, and I believe that in the end good will triumph." -Margaret Thatcher
"Alleged 'impossibilities' are opportunities for our capacities to be stretched." -Charles R. Swindoll
"I don't enjoy being in Europe for weeks on end, so I just skip it." -Lindsay Davenport
"For in reason, all government without the consent of the governed is the very definition of slavery." -Jonathan Swift
"I think quite often a fate worse than death is life, for lots of people." -Tom Baker
"Nothing is cooler and more attractive than a big comeback, and that'll be me." -Steven Adler
"There's something fascinating about watching artists draw." -Mark Hamill
"'30 Rock' is the holy grail of comedy in my opinion." -Cheyenne Jackson
"Nothing of any importance can be taught. It can only be learned, and with blood and sweat." -Robert Anton Wilson
"The richness of life lies in memories we have forgotten." -Cesare Pavese
"There is no revenge so complete as forgiveness." -Josh Billings
"If my kids came to me and said, 'I'm gay,' I'd say, 'Son, I love you.' That's never at stake. Never, never, never at stake." -Kirk Cameron
"I loved tests because it was another form of competing, a healthy competition." -Suzanne Farrell
"Yeah, I have the detail-obsessed, controlling personality of a novelist, but I somehow ended up writing plays." -Annie Baker
"When you see me smash somebody's skull, you enjoy it." -Mike Tyson
"There are two great rules of life: never tell everything at once." -Ken Venturi
"I stayed a virgin until I was 23. I didn't do drugs or drink or smoke." -Victoria Jackson
"Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier." -Colin Powell
"A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person." -Mignon McLaughlin
"If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy." -Dale Carnegie
"Giving back involves a certain amount of giving up." -Colin Powell
"Everyone has a past." -Darrell Issa
"Inappropriateness is funny to me. Rudeness is hilarious." -Zach Galifianakis
"I love the 2000s because everyone started to love haute couture." -Valentino Garavani
"Remove grace, and you have nothing whereby to be saved. Remove free will and you have nothing that could be saved." -Anselm of Canterbury
"Time is shortening. But every day that I challenge this cancer and survive is a victory for me." -Ingrid Bergman
"It is impossible to underrate human intelligence - beginning with one's own." -Henry Adams
"A newspaper is a circulating library with high blood pressure." -Arthur Baer
"Today is your own. Tomorrow perchance may never come." -Swami Sivananda
"I have an activist's desire to improve people's lives." -Bill de Blasio
"We have major fiscal problems on our hand." -Chaka Fattah
"Fundamentalism, as practiced by the Taliban, is the enemy of real thought, and religion too." -Steve Earle
"My mom put me away at 7. I enjoyed it... Being in institutions, I got three meals a day, clothes." -DMX
"Believe it or not, I've got a really bad metabolism. One burger and I'm done. I'm not a guy that puts away 10 burgers." -Gabriel Iglesias
"Memory is the treasure house of the mind wherein the monuments thereof are kept and preserved." -Thomas Fuller
"I am a big believer in visualization. I run through my races mentally so that I feel even more prepared." -Allyson Felix
"I don't like to play rough, but I will if I have to." -Mia Hamm
"For the last five years I've been in the production business." -Chico Hamilton
"All I'm gonna do is just go on and do what I feel." -Jimi Hendrix
"Time the great destroyer of other men's happiness, only enlarges the patrimony of literature to its possessor." -Isaac D'Israeli
"I used to live in a gap jumper, tracksuit bottoms and a fake flower in my hair. Shocking." -Jessie J
"It is possible to provide security against other ills, but as far as death is concerned, we men live in a city without walls." -Epicurus
"I felt the pressure of imagination against the doors of my mind was so great that they were going to burst." -J. G. Ballard
"Every man has a right to a Saturday night bath." -Lyndon B. Johnson
"And if we must educate our poets and artists in science, we must educate our masters, labour and capital, in art." -John B. S. Haldane
"We must make the choices that enable us to fulfill the deepest capacities of our real selves." -Thomas Merton
"That's one of the things I hope that the book can do, is to restore some dignity to Joe Cinque." -Helen Garner
"Whenever there is authority, there is a natural inclination to disobedience." -Thomas Chandler Haliburton
"You push the button, we do the rest." -George Eastman
"I always like playing the bad guys. They have more fun!" -James Badge Dale
"Racism springs from ignorance." -Mario Balotelli
"It's clever, but is it Art?" -Rudyard Kipling
"My mind is not a bed to be made and re-made." -James Agate
"There's artists that I'm working with on a new label of mine. Foxy Nova and Supa Nova." -Kenneth Edmonds
"I was a model for eight years. That's the deal: People look. But I didn't like being looked at and never seen." -Beau Garrett
"What one's goal should be is just to become a better writer and to tell different kinds of stories." -Diane Mott Davidson
"Nothing matters very much, and few things matter at all." -Arthur Balfour
"Professional competitions are overrated." -Oksana Baiul
"When you go in search of honey you must expect to be stung by bees." -Joseph Joubert
"In Hollywood today, it's cool for guys to wear nail polish and earrings in their lips and tongues. I don't get it." -Scott Caan
"He who placed me in this seat will keep me here." -Elizabeth I
"Progress is a nice word. But change is its motivator. And change has its enemies." -Robert Kennedy
"There are three classes of people: those who see, those who see when they are shown, those who do not see." -Leonardo da Vinci
"The only way to have a friend is to be one." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"O Lord, help me to be pure, but not yet." -Saint Augustine
"There's nothing remotely interesting to me about marketing music as a product." -Mark Edwards
"The places that are most likely to grow trees for carbon sequestration are places where trees aren't growing now." -Robert Jackson
"Get all the fools on your side and you can be elected to anything." -Frank Dane
"Education is not preparation for life; education is life itself." -John Dewey
"Simplicity is the glory of expression." -Walt Whitman
"The spring of love becomes hidden and soon filled up." -Max Muller
"I have been the victim of heartless malice." -Taylor Caldwell
"Conversation would be vastly improved by the constant use of four simple words: I do not know." -Andre Maurois
"You wanna get rid of drug crime in this country? Fine, let's just get rid of all the drug laws." -Ron Paul
"I have learned that track doesn't define me. My faith defines me. I'm running because I have been blessed with a gift." -Allyson Felix
"I like video games, I like tech, I like being positive." -Jimmy Fallon
"I want people to see me for who I am and not for how someone else is trying to promote me." -Gina Carano
"If God wanted us to bend over he'd put diamonds on the floor." -Joan Rivers
"I have worked hard in my career, but I have been lucky as well." -Jennifer Damiano
"One does not become a guru by accident." -James Fenton
"Essentially what photography is is life lit up." -Sam Abell
"The future of 3D will be defined by TV." -James Cameron
"I'm considering going back to school to become a registered dance therapist." -Carrie Ann Inaba
"I can't get no satisfaction." -Mick Jagger
"Picasso said, 'Art is a lie that tells the truth.' What if you just want to tell the truth and not lie about it?" -Nicolas Cage
"I'd definitely like more kids when I'm older. And I think I'm like every woman in that I'd like to get married one day." -Rebecca Ferguson
"Many of our prayers were not answered, and for this we are now grateful." -William Feather
"My dad was in a wheelchair and on oxygen for the last few years of his life." -Steve Earle
"Every life is a march from innocence, through temptation, to virtue or vice." -Lyman Abbott
"I grew up with low self-esteem. I didn't think I was very pretty. I had glasses, red hair and was generally quite a spod." -Mark Gatiss
"Gratitude is when memory is stored in the heart and not in the mind." -Lionel Hampton
"Confine yourself to the present." -Marcus Aurelius
"I never made a film which fully satisfied me." -Roman Polanski
"I don't know much, but I like talking to people who know a lot more than I do." -Bryan Callen
"Trust, but verify." -Ronald Reagan
"In-N-Out is incredible, but don't tell coach I've been going there. He would flip out and put some curse on me." -Pau Gasol
"The best roles have risks... and those are the parts I'm interested in." -Brendan Fehr
"If a building becomes architecture, then it is art." -Arne Jacobsen
"The surrender of life is nothing to sinking down into acknowledgment of inferiority." -John C. Calhoun
"No, there are some location shoots in Vegas, maybe four trips a year. It's shot in Santa Clarita, CA." -George Eads
"This program that the Republican majority has taken us toward as a country is leading us to fiscal bankruptcy." -Chaka Fattah
"I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody." -Bill Cosby
"Religion deals in certainties and philosophy deals more in un-answered questions." -Steve Hackett
"You can chain me, you can torture me, you can even destroy this body, but you will never imprison my mind." -Mahatma Gandhi
"'Fresh Air' I listen to, like, every day." -Gillian Jacobs
"I would want my legacy to be that I was a great son, father and friend." -Dante Hall
"It basically comes down to that word: Love. I guess that's what it's all about." -Corey Haim
"Patience is passion tamed." -Lyman Abbott
"Hard work without talent is a shame, but talent without hard work is a tragedy." -Robert Half
"Winning Commonwealth gold was just totally unbelievable." -Michael East
"I try to be somewhat wary of fame, but I'm not wary of success." -Troy Garity
"Violence in Darfur is cataclysmic." -Emmanuel Jal
"There will come a time when you believe everything is finished. Yet that will be the beginning." -Louis L'Amour
"Photography can only represent the present. Once photographed, the subject becomes part of the past." -Berenice Abbott
"We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us." -Joseph Campbell
"The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way." -Dale Carnegie
"I put on weight like Santa Claus. I just get this belly that kind of extends out." -Christian Bale
"I get interested in writers who are enigmatic." -Harry Hamlin
"A good novel doesn't just transcend the boundaries of its target market - it knows nothing about target markets." -Julianna Baggott
"It seems like every time you come up something happens to bring you back down." -Tupac Shakur
"La Masia is a place where lots of people live together but you are on your own." -Andres Iniesta
"A nation is a society united by a delusion about its ancestry and by common hatred of its neighbours." -William Ralph Inge
"I am comfortable with my body and embrace who I am. I love to work it." -Chanel Iman
"The third year of MASH was when I realized I was a hit." -Jamie Farr
"Everything we do impacts someone else's life." -Nicolas Cage
"If you're not very clever you should be conciliatory." -Benjamin Disraeli
"O month when they who love must love and wed." -Helen Hunt Jackson
"I am such a bad liar. I would like to lie, though." -Natalie Imbruglia
"In the last 1,000 years, the Arabs have translated as many books as Spain translates in just one year." -Larry Elder
"Time spent on hiring is time well spent." -Robert Half
"You can't sing about love unless you know about it." -Billy Eckstine
"Anti-Americanism from abroad would not be such a problem if Americans were united in standing up for their own country." -Dinesh D'Souza
"You get used to being lazy doing films, but classical theatre's going to finish me off." -Michael Gambon
"You've got to guard against speaking more clearly than you think." -Howard Baker
"I feel as if I were a piece in a game of chess, when my opponent says of it: That piece cannot be moved." -Soren Kierkegaard
"Now Heaven and Earth are older than the temples, and older than the Scriptures." -Eden Ahbez
"What one gets, I hope, is that all you can do is the best you can do." -Mike Farrell
"Sincerity is the way to heaven." -Mencius
"Evolution isn't true, because if we evolved from monkeys, how can they still be here?" -Stephen Baldwin
"I don't really care how we done it, we done it." -Jaromir Jagr
"It is always easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them." -Alfred Adler
"I believe that all roads lead to the same place - and that is wherever all roads lead to." -Willie Nelson
"I don't think I have a signature." -J. J. Abrams
"If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right." -Mary Kay Ash
"Believe me - I've done very good stuff and very crazy stuff, and I don't regret the crazy stuff." -Jean-Claude Van Damme
"For an Impressionist to paint from nature is not to paint the subject, but to realize sensations." -Paul Cezanne
"I didn't know I was a conservative when it didn't matter to me growing up." -Herman Cain
"When governments become large, voters cannot exercise close oversight, otherwise known as political power." -Maggie Gallagher
"Survival is nothing more than recovery." -Dianne Feinstein
"I am always more interested in performance and character depiction, and my direction says as much." -Lasse Hallstrom
"The duty of youth is to challenge corruption." -Kurt Cobain
"For Aristotle, goodness is a kind of prospering in the precarious affair of being human." -Terry Eagleton
"Ranger fans, they're expecting you to win, so you really want to show up every day." -Carl Hagelin
"Everyone must accept that we will age and age is not always flattering." -Amitabh Bachchan
"I consider myself a rampant feminist." -Cindy Gallop
"I hated Sundays when I was growing up in Streatham, south London. Everything closed down and stopped." -Simon Callow
"Despite the barrage of information about me that is publicly available, I live a surprisingly private and anonymous life." -Hasan M. Elahi
"People love as self-recognition what they hate as an accusation." -Elias Canetti
"He that will enjoy the brightness of sunshine, must quit the coolness of the shade." -Samuel Johnson
"Teaching prejudice to a child is itself a form of bullying. You've got to be taught to hate." -Roger Ebert
"Sometimes I wonder how I got into comedy at all." -Don Adams
"Man is a clever animal who behaves like an imbecile." -Albert Schweitzer
"You are always flattered when big clubs are interested in you." -Rio Ferdinand
"I grew up in the suburbs of Chicago." -James Iha
"I have the satisfaction of knowing I did something useful for society." -John Cameron
"Legends are all to do with the past and nothing to do with the present." -Lauren Bacall
"I think that ego-driven leaders will be a thing of the past because the masses are tired." -Louis Farrakhan
"A nomad I will remain for life, in love with distant and uncharted places." -Isabelle Eberhardt
"I would rather go to any extreme than suffer anything that is unworthy of my reputation, or of that of my crown." -Elizabeth I
"Fred Armisen does a pretty good me." -Bill Hader
"I wasn't smart enough to read relationship books when I was coming up. I learned everything the hard way." -Michael Ealy
"I'm a Muslim, but I think Jesus would have a drink with me. He would be cool. He would talk to me." -Mike Tyson
"I would have liked to have worked with Ralph Richardson and Paul Scofield, but they're dead now." -Charles Dance
"And then I have two children by Theresa, one boy 10 and one girl 13." -Merle Haggard
"Untested assumptions and lazy habits of thought can be shown up, once put in a spotlight of a different hue." -Julian Baggini
"I can pretty much say that because of Bruce Lee and Jean-Claude Van Damme, that's why I do what I do today." -Scott Adkins
"Throughout my teens, I just wanted to go somewhere I could wear a Donald Duck pin and no one would care." -Paul Feig
"I looked real Neanderthal. I could have been Mexican, I could have been black; I could have been anything." -Wolfman Jack
"One rare and exceptional deed is worth far more than a thousand commonplace ones." -Saint Ignatius
"The woods are lovely, dark and deep. But I have promises to keep, and miles to go before I sleep." -Robert Frost
"You're only as good as your last collection, which is an enormous pressure." -John Galliano
"The whole idea that what is not normal should be kept secret - that's really distasteful to me." -Dan Farmer
"I've always been fascinated by people, their psychology, what drives them and trying to understand them." -Adan Canto
"I thought they'd get one of us, but Jack, after all he's been through, never worried about it I thought it would be me." -Robert Kennedy
"My friends are my estate." -Emily Dickinson
"If Monsieur X spent an eternity studying treatises on optics, he would never paint 'La Grande Jatte.'" -Felix Feneon
"In physics, to be in two places at the same time would be a miracle; in politics it seems not merely normal, but natural." -Charles Edison
"Try to learn something about everything and everything about something." -Thomas Huxley
"The business of popularizing crime is how we expose the faults in our justice system. It's how we expose police misconduct." -Bill James
"One has to grow up with good talk in order to form the habit of it." -Helen Hayes
"I think what a life in science really teaches you is the vastness of our ignorance." -David Eagleman
"Correction does much, but encouragement does more." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"I do want to be in mainstream movies that are going to be seen. I suppose it satisfies the showbiz side of me." -Willem Dafoe
"Once upon a time, I was a climate-change skeptic." -James Balog
"I've dodged bullets but there's no scandal in my life." -Hector Elizondo
"Being a husband is for me as big a priority as being a father." -Roger Federer
"We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us." -Marcel Proust
"I am trying to break free from my stripes addiction, but the pull is strong! I need help buying non-stripes." -Gillian Jacobs
"I've dealt with many challenges in my life, with my family." -Sean Faris
"I have always been driven. I have always believed in what I believe very deeply." -Alastair Campbell
"Never neglect details. When everyone's mind is dulled or distracted the leader must be doubly vigilant." -Colin Powell
"Actually, I'm an overnight success, but it took twenty years." -Monty Hall
"Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it." -Bill Cosby
"It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do." -Moliere
"As an Italian-American, I have a special responsibility to be sensitive to ethnic stereotypes." -Al D'Amato
"Love is always a stranger in the house of avarice." -Andreas Capellanus
"Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes." -Oscar Wilde
"I just don't know how to deal with so many people giving me that much affection. I never had that in my life." -Tupac Shakur
"They're really nice kids. Michael is really raising them properly and right." -Joseph Jackson
"The only real failure in life is one not learned from." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
"I spent all my youth with horses." -Guillaume Canet
"The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection." -Thomas Paine
"There are risks and costs to action. But they are far less than the long range risks of comfortable inaction." -John F. Kennedy
"The bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship." -William Blake
"We don't believe in rheumatism and true love until after the first attack." -Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
"Words mean nothing. Action is the only thing. Doing. That's the only thing." -Ernest Gaines
"I love cleaning, weird but true. It really relaxes me." -Jessie J
"Baddies always do get the best lines, that's the honest truth." -James D'arcy
"Do you not see how necessary a world of pains and troubles is to school an intelligence and make it a soul?" -John Keats
"Shakespeare speaks for the human heart but Dickens speaks for the social man and for injustices." -Simon Callow
"Politics makes estranged bedfellows." -Goodman Ace
"I like clothes that are elegant and comfortable." -Kim Edwards
"Truth is not exciting enough to those who depend on the characters and lives of their neighbors for all their amusement." -George Bancroft
"To succeed in your mission, you must have single-minded devotion to your goal." -A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
"I have never taken more than two weeks to record an album throughout my career." -Ginger Baker
"I don't dig staying in one groove." -Chico Hamilton
"You don't write because you want to say something, you write because you have something to say." -F. Scott Fitzgerald
"I am a danger to myself if I get angry." -Oriana Fallaci
"The second half of the twentieth century is a complete flop." -Isaac Bashevis Singer
"What is new in the world? Nothing. What is old in the world? Nothing. Everything has always been and will always be." -Sai Baba
"As far as carrying the American banner, you just do what's right for the kids." -Dennis Farina
"Man should be master of his environment, not its slave. That is what freedom means." -Anthony Eden
"People are tired of simple things. They want to be challenged." -Umberto Eco
"I'm a multi-tasker. I was down with that stuff before they invented the term." -Chuck D
"Acting was something that I grew up just doing. I certainly never thought about it." -Gaby Hoffmann
"Agriculture not only gives riches to a nation, but the only riches she can call her own." -Samuel Johnson
"Without deviation progress is not possible." -Frank Zappa
"There are very few things that are purely conceptual without any hard content." -Kevin Bacon
"Our music's kind of about taking something ugly and making it beautiful." -Jerry Cantrell
"All action results from thought, so it is thoughts that matter." -Sai Baba
"No one could have prepared for me BBQ on pizza. I mean, both are great. But together? It was incredible." -Pau Gasol
"Love, hope, fear, faith - these make humanity; These are its sign and note and character." -Robert Browning
"For time is the longest distance between two places." -Tennessee Williams
"You know, the more I appear on newspapers, the more famous I become." -Brenda Fassie
"You aren't learning anything when you're talking." -Lyndon B. Johnson
"It is not what they take away from you that counts. It's what you do with what you have left." -Hubert H. Humphrey
"Had we not faults of our own, we should take less pleasure in complaining of others." -Francois Fenelon
"Underlying most arguments against the free market is a lack of belief in freedom itself." -Milton Friedman
"I think pineapple is very sexy. It reminds me of bikinis and the beach." -Penn Badgley
"Some movies get rushed out right after you make them and I'm not always happy with that." -Aaron Eckhart
"Gardens are not made by singing 'Oh, how beautiful,' and sitting in the shade." -Rudyard Kipling
"To me, there's no point in writing merely to entertain." -Bebe Moore Campbell
"Death is better than slavery." -Harriet Ann Jacobs
"People have motives and thoughts of which they are unaware." -Albert Ellis
"See, what we were going to do was say, the Internet is this great business strategy tool." -James Daly
"I've been doing African dance all my life." -Naima Adedapo
"I wish I could compete again, but my good feeling is, these competitions are better as exhibitions." -Oksana Baiul
"Too bad that all the people who know how to run the country are busy driving taxicabs and cutting hair." -George Burns
"I ended up an actor, did my first professional union gig in 1974, and I've been doing it ever since." -Michael Ironside
"So long as large armies go to battle, so long will the air arm remain their spearhead." -Cyril Falls
"My mom really inspired me. She has always taught me it's not about us, it's about what we can give back." -Bailee Madison
"In a military operation, the command and control elements are a legitimate target." -Stephen Hadley
"The wise does at once what the fool does at last." -Baltasar Gracian
"I would no more quarrel with a man because of his religion than I would because of his art." -Mary Baker Eddy
"Europe is a collection of free countries." -Douglas Feith
"I think America right now is looking for somebody who appeals to every faction." -Aaron Eckhart
"The world has changed and it's going to keep changing, but God never changes; so we are safe when we cling to Him." -Charles R. Swindoll
"I'm not reckless. I was never reckless." -Richard Hammond
"Racism and injustice and violence sweep our world, bringing a tragic harvest of heartache and death." -Billy Graham
"Sometimes I feel like I'm a contestant in a reality show that probably would be called The Apprentice Survivor Millionaire." -Bob Iger
"I do not want to work to correspond to an image." -Isabelle Adjani
"You have to have confidence. You can't be someone who's so insecure that she's a basket case." -Kate Bosworth
"Faith is the strength by which a shattered world shall emerge into the light." -Helen Keller
"A pen is to me as a beak is to a hen." -J. R. R. Tolkien
"Let us leave pretty women to men devoid of imagination." -Marcel Proust
"I was a really pretentious teenager." -Rebecca Hall
"The company accountant is shy and retiring. He's shy a quarter of a million dollars. That's why he's retiring." -Milton Berle
"We appreciate frankness from those who like us. Frankness from others is called insolence." -Andre Maurois
"I don't know if I have a technique. I'm just trying to remember the words." -Dennis Farina
"It all comes down to interest rates. As an investor, all you're doing is putting up a lump-sump payment for a future cash flow." -Ray Dalio
"Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance." -George Bernard Shaw
"I'm not really very ambitious." -James D'arcy
"I came to Hollywood and nobody knew me. I was on a coupla TV shows." -Peter Falk
"There was never sufficient evidence presented at my trial to support a finding of intent to kill." -Jack Henry Abbott
"I don't get recognised that much yet in London, but when I do I get a real sense of achievement." -Idris Elba
"I actually collect old First and Second World War memorabilia." -Jeremy Irvine
"The only bipartisan place in D.C. is Brooks Brothers." -Tony Hale
"Ataturk sent several Turkish staff officers to Afghanistan, helped them build their own army." -Bulent Ecevit
"Freedom across the world is a result of many individuals working together." -Dan Gable
"No young doctor nowadays can hope for work as exciting and rewarding." -Alice Hamilton
"Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently." -Henry Ford
"I left home when I was 16 because I was looking for adventure." -Gene Hackman
"Of mankind we may say in general they are fickle, hypocritical, and greedy of gain." -Niccolo Machiavelli
"I'm into a casual-dressing girl: blue jeans and a tank top is super sexy." -Jensen Ackles
"Art knows neither doctrine nor idea; its nature is to show." -Guy Davenport
"Having a positive mental attitude is asking how something can be done rather than saying it can't be done." -Bo Bennett
"Hope is the only universal liar who never loses his reputation for veracity." -Robert Green Ingersoll
"It is natural to try to understand one's own time and to seek to analyse the forces that move it." -Emily Greene Balch
"The invisible thing called a Good Name is made up of the breath of numbers that speak well of you." -E. F. L. Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax
"Writing is hard work; it's also the best job I've ever had." -Raymond E. Feist
"Martial arts is not about fighting; it's about building character." -Bo Bennett
"But I think it's always difficult when a product that you're using and accustomed to changes." -Mitchell Baker
"For some reason if we hear 100 praises and one criticism, we focus on that one hurtful thing." -Carmen Electra
"Modern American war is as easy to script as a B movie." -David Hackworth
"I used to think I had to stay frozen in time. No amount of Botox will keep up." -Sheena Easton
"I don't know if I'd say I feel green, but I'm getting to know myself as an actor now in a way that I never did as a kid." -Gaby Hoffmann
"It's great to have atmosphere at the stadium, but football is all about the players." -Isco
"Anger is one way to respond to fear. I say one way because responses are categorically multiple." -Mark Z. Danielewski
"I'm a bit of a groupie." -Jerry Hall
"You should take notes whenever you hear interesting or original language." -Randa Abdel-Fattah
"A classic is a book which with each rereading offers as much of a sense of discovery as the first reading." -Italo Calvino
"Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world." -Blaise Pascal
"I play golf - even though I'm awful at it." -Clare Balding
"I am who I am and I say what I think. I'm not putting a face on for the record." -Eminem
"Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable." -Coco Chanel
"It is indeed a desirable thing to be well-descended, but the glory belongs to our ancestors." -Plutarch
"I am incapable of conceiving infinity, and yet I do not accept finity." -Simone de Beauvoir
"A heart beset by coronary disease will begin to recruit secondary arteries to carry oxygenated blood." -Barry Eisler
"He will bring us all, rich and poor, white and black, to his judgment seat." -Jupiter Hammon
"Today I see beauty everywhere I go, in every face I see, in every single soul." -Kevyn Aucoin
"I'm not a bourgeois person, never will be." -Etta James
"Silence is one of the great arts of conversation." -Marcus Tullius Cicero
"I was the classic middle child in some ways, the one who could have been a priest in an alternate universe." -Chiwetel Ejiofor
"Airlines are one of the last things to be liberalized." -Tony Fernandes
"Goodness and hard work are rewarded with respect." -Luther Campbell
"I just had the sense that at least the books that I had read about law just didn't really have enough of that." -Floyd Abrams
"I want to be very close to someone I respect and admire and have somebody who feels the same way about me." -Richard Bach
"No taxation without respiration." -Tom Feeney
"The foundation of my beliefs is the same as it was when I was 10. Non-violence." -Joan Baez
"It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness." -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"If the power to do hard work is not a skill, it's the best possible substitute for it." -James A. Garfield
"A goal is a dream with a deadline." -Napoleon Hill
"There are winners, there are losers and there are people who have not yet learned how to win." -Les Brown
"Karate's a very boring sport, but when you know the technique you can go further and further." -Jean-Claude Van Damme
"Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is." -Isaac Asimov
"You can be a great reporter and not be such a great talk show host." -Dan Abrams
"I'm so boy-crazy. It's like I don't even know what's wrong with me. I love boys." -Lucy Hale
"Sanity is madness put to good use." -George Santayana
"I think the responsibility lies with the fashion world as a collective. We have to demand more variety." -Kevyn Aucoin
"Perfection is immutable. But for things imperfect, change is the way to perfect them." -Owen Feltham
"We started this mostly from an intellectual place." -Melinda Gates
"Ignorance, the root and stem of all evil." -Plato
"Human requirements are the inspiration for art." -Stephen Gardiner
"I'm a perfectionist. I'm not going to cheat the people." -Dick Dale
"Still for fun, I play the drums, but I don't do much recording with them." -Jan Hammer
"When you make the finding yourself - even if you're the last person on Earth to see the light - you'll never forget it." -Carl Sagan
"Blade Runner helped make my career. Everybody was in it. Who knew?" -Brion James
"A city building, you experience when you walk; a suburban building, you experience when you drive." -Helmut Jahn
"Joan of Arc had style. Jesus had style." -Charles Bukowski
"I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me." -Hunter S. Thompson
"The Indian was a religious man from his mother's womb." -Charles Eastman
"People expect me to be with some stripper... That's just the kind of woman I work with." -Luther Campbell
"I won't quit to become someone's old lady." -Janis Joplin
"I'm the one that has to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life, the way I want to." -Jimi Hendrix
"Friends are born, not made." -Henry Adams
"Where minds differ and opinions swerve there is scant a friend in that company." -Elizabeth I
"There is nothing that makes its way more directly into the soul than beauty." -Joseph Addison
"The more decisions that you are forced to make alone, the more you are aware of your freedom to choose." -Thornton Wilder
"Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence." -Colin Powell
"You can register a political objection in a number of ways." -Nicholson Baker
"I have a slightly bad back, which has made an enormous contribution to American literature." -David Eddings
"This season is my most special and most cherished. All my focus is on getting that championship back here." -Lorrie Fair
"At times, I feel overwhelmed and my depression leads me into darkness." -Dorothy Hamill
"Elegance does not consist in putting on a new dress." -Coco Chanel
"I'm going to North Pole to help out Santa this year." -Jimmy Fallon
"I am as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best." -Walt Whitman
"Action is the foundational key to all success." -Pablo Picasso
"The world would be better off with multiple superpowers. When Communist USSR was a superpower, the world was better off." -Janeane Garofalo
"An apology for the devil: it must be remembered that we have heard one side of the case. God has written all the books." -Samuel Butler
"Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?" -Jeff Rich
"Life began with waking up and loving my mother's face." -George Eliot
"A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same." -Elbert Hubbard
"I'd heard it was dangerous to walk around Miami." -Victoria Abril
"Inflation is lower and more stable and the real business cycle fluctuations are more modest." -Martin Feldstein
"I'm actually pretty afraid of scary movies, so I can't watch them at night, but I am a fan during the daytime!" -Taissa Farmiga
"I think 'Breaking Bad' is brilliant. Good drama in the U.S. is also so funny and blurs the line between light and dark." -Arthur Darvill
"Those who commit injustice bear the greatest burden." -Hosea Ballou
"There is only one difference between a madman and me. The madman thinks he is sane. I know I am mad." -Salvador Dali
"I hate cellphones. They are not for good, they're for evil. They're for gossip." -Jeff Garlin
"In politics the middle way is none at all." -John Adams
"We all walk in the dark and each of us must learn to turn on his or her own light." -Earl Nightingale
"I'm in a unique position - I can do what I want." -Don Imus
"Maryland has a tradition of Democratic Party conservatism." -Bob Ehrlich
"If there is any larceny in a man, golf will bring it out." -Paul Gallico
"Be not entangled in this world of days and nights; Thou hast another time and space as well." -Muhammad Iqbal
"Finding a stylist is a little like finding a date; you have to find who is right for you." -Alexandra Daddario
"No day of my life passes without someone saying the words 'Monty Python' to me. It's not bad." -Eric Idle
"I think I owe it to myself and my fans in Britain to play one more Wimbledon." -Goran Ivanisevic
"Politics is applied biology." -Ernst Haeckel
"Most actresses are always running late - I'm no exception." -Holland Roden
"Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness." -Richard Bach
"I am an all-surface wallpaper man that retired to become a printer." -JR
"If a little dreaming is dangerous, the cure for it is not to dream less but to dream more, to dream all the time." -Marcel Proust
"I'm not much of a jokester." -Adam Baldwin
"The greatest truth is honesty, and the greatest falsehood is dishonesty." -Abu Bakr
"Deprived of meaningful work, men and women lose their reason for existence; they go stark, raving mad." -Fyodor Dostoevsky
"Carpe per diem - seize the check." -Robin Williams
"It takes patience to appreciate domestic bliss; volatile spirits prefer unhappiness." -George Santayana
"I am what I am. I love golf, I love my life, I love my family and friends." -Sergio Garcia
"Acting is an aesthetic career, which is annoying." -Tamsin Egerton
"A basic tenet of a healthy democracy is open dialogue and transparency." -Peter Fenn
"I've never done a box set, and Eddie's full of it if he says otherwise." -Sammy Hagar
"Mr. Leonardo DiCaprio - he be soo gorgeous, no wonder all the ladies flockin' to him - He be Gatsby." -Amitabh Bachchan
"The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is." -Winston Churchill
"Fervor is the weapon of choice of the impotent." -Frantz Fanon
"I usually kept everybody at arm's distance." -Charles Haley
"The key to everything is patience. You get the chicken by hatching the egg, not by smashing it." -Arnold H. Glasow
"If you can't make it good, at least make it look good." -Bill Gates
"I have some assets that over time will be worth something. I've been in the process of selling others." -Bernard Ebbers
"Our children's children will hear a good story." -Richard Adams
"The trust of the innocent is the liar's most useful tool." -Stephen King
"Anytime you get an audience that's paying attention, you enjoy it more." -Natasha Hamilton
"If an idea is indeed sensible, it will eventually become just part of the accepted wisdom." -Nigel Farage
"None are more unjust in their judgments of others than those who have a high opinion of themselves." -Charles Spurgeon
"I would sooner fail than not be among the greatest." -John Keats
"Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent." -Isaac Asimov
"I've never met a popcorn ball I didn't like." -Deb Caletti
"I'm a wicked ping-pong player." -David Baldacci
"It goes back to all of us wanting to be in Hollywood. We're all dying to win an Oscar." -Jerry Della Femina
"The worst constructed play is a Bach fugue when compared to life." -Helen Hayes
"Serendipity always rewards the prepared." -Katori Hall
"America is not a blanket woven from one thread, one color, one cloth." -Jesse Jackson
"To perceive Christmas through its wrappings becomes more difficult with every year." -E. B. White
"Exceptions are not always the proof of the old rule; they can also be the harbinger of a new one." -Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
"You can't achieve anything without getting in someone's way." -Abba Eban
"And still I'm not completely happy with my skating. I always feel I can do more and climb higher." -Oksana Baiul
"Rape is the only crime in which the victim becomes the accused." -Freda Adler
"Cleverness is not wisdom." -Euripides
"No one is more arrogant toward women, more aggressive or scornful, than the man who is anxious about his virility." -Simone de Beauvoir
"I love to put on a wig, a costume, inhabit a different world and be called something different." -Susan Egan
"To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan; you should wear it inside, where it functions best." -Margaret Thatcher
"Art is man's nature; nature is God's art." -Philip James Bailey
"When I'm forced by circumstances to be in a crowd of prisoners, it's all I can do to refrain from attack." -Jack Henry Abbott
"The only way to do news on television is not to be terrified of it." -David Brinkley
"The passion and spontaneity in music is all gone." -Jan Hammer
"The best quick tip in golf is to focus on your rhythm and balance." -Hale Irwin
"Losing yourself in the character opens you up in a way that no amount of precise preparation can." -Ana Gasteyer
"God dislikes evil, and no happiness can be built on hate. Love one another as brothers." -Josephine Baker
"We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it." -James M. Barrie
"No Christian can be a pessimist, for Christianity is a system of radical optimism." -William Ralph Inge
"I felt better being in the background. That's the way I like it." -Stefan Edberg
"I fight fairly, and in good faith." -Edmond About
"I'm the king of brownie sundaes!" -Matt Dallas
"Nothing annoys a woman more than to have company drop in unexpectedly and find the house looking as it usually does." -Frank Dane
"I was listening to the first record the other day, and it sounds remarkably contemporary." -Chris Bailey
"I want to become foreign minister of India one day and then President of India." -Farooq Abdullah
"A man whose life has been dishonourable is not entitled to escape disgrace in death." -Lucius Accius
"I planned my success. I knew it was going to happen." -Erykah Badu
"Races and nations are thus ever ready to believe the worst of one another." -Richard Le Gallienne
"Time flies never to be recalled." -Virgil
"The next thing I would mention, and warn you against, is profaneness. This you know is forbidden by God." -Jupiter Hammon
"Secure property in hand leads to peace in mind." -Mencius
"A nation is the same people living in the same place." -James Joyce
"What appears to be the end of the road may simply be a bend in the road." -Robert H. Schuller
"I improve on misquotation." -Cary Grant
"Music is the strongest form of magic." -Marilyn Manson
"Man needs his difficulties because they are necessary to enjoy success." -A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
"Do you believe in fairies? Say quick that you believe. If you believe, clap your hands!" -James M. Barrie
"In catering, you're always changing; the client is always dictating to you in terms of their wishes." -Carla Hall
"The future which we hold in trust for our own children will be shaped by our fairness to other people's children." -Marian Wright Edelman
"Literary imagination is an aesthetic object offered by a writer to a lover of books." -Gaston Bachelard
"The effect of sailing is produced by a judicious arrangement of the sails to the direction of the wind." -William Falconer
"One of my goals is to have this incredible body. I want to be strong, to be ripped." -Adrienne Bailon
"Sports are such a great teacher. I think of everything they've taught me: camaraderie, humility, how to resolve differences." -Kobe Bryant
"I started doing regional theater. My first job was 'The Importance of Being Earnest' at Dallas Theater Center." -Anna Camp
"On the whole, show business is a hard business in which to be married." -Scott Bakula
"I used to have a lot of superstitions, and then I realized that it was kind of hogwash. Once I let go of them, I relaxed a lot." -Amy Adams
"You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play it better than anyone else." -Dianne Feinstein
"There's a great deal of child left in me and acting is fun. It's a make believe thing." -David Canary
"The goal of education is the advancement of knowledge and the dissemination of truth." -John F. Kennedy
"My brother and I are best friends." -Joel Edgerton
"And the funny thing is, I've always been an optimist - it's practically a congenital disorder with me." -Molly Ivins
"Hence a ship is said to head the sea, when her course is opposed to the setting or direction of the surges." -William Falconer
"I have always appreciated those who dare to experiment with materials and proportions." -Zaha Hadid
"One can be emptied out and be filled up." -Isabelle Adjani
"For the security of the UK, it matters a lot for Somalia to become a more stable place." -William Hague
"He that will believe only what he can fully comprehend must have a long head or a very short creed." -Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
"I use a lot of old-fashioned expressions." -Susan Cain
"Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together." -George Eliot
"In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure." -Bill Cosby
"I believe a leaf of grass is no less than the journey-work of the stars." -Walt Whitman
"People can sense when someone is fake or real on TV." -Joey Fatone
"My name is Arsenio. That's a very unique name for a black man. In Greek, it means Leroy." -Arsenio Hall
"A great architect is not made by way of a brain nearly so much as he is made by way of a cultivated, enriched heart." -Frank Lloyd Wright
"My dream evening is wearing my sweatpants, eating something delicious and watching TV with my boyfriend." -India de Beaufort
"Time is money, especially when you are talking to a lawyer or buying a commercial." -Frank Dane
"I've been in a car three or four times when it filled with water and it's not a comfortable feeling." -Richard Hammond
"I do some broadcasting and speaking as well." -Chuck Daly
"We are not special. We are not crap or trash, either. We just are. We just are, and what happens just happens." -Chuck Palahniuk
"If a D.C. event doesn't have crab cakes, it's low-rent and you need to flee." -Tony Hale
"I don't like golf. It's not for me, it's too quiet." -Mario Balotelli
"You know how advice is. You only want it if it agrees with what you wanted to do anyway." -John Steinbeck
"Cutting edge, breakthrough, television. That's what we want to do." -Anthony Michael Hall
"Know thy self, know thy enemy. A thousand battles, a thousand victories." -Sun Tzu
"I believe in God." -Jack Abramoff
"Don't be afraid of your own power." -Debby Ryan
"Reading is a conversation. All books talk. But a good book listens as well." -Mark Haddon
"I restore myself when I'm alone." -Marilyn Monroe
"Compassion has enemies, and those enemies are things like pity, moral outrage, fear." -Joan Halifax
"Even the Lord had skeptical members of His party." -Richard J. Daley
"Death solves all problems - no man, no problem." -Joseph Stalin
"The finishing off of the encircled enemy army is to be left to the Luftwaffe." -Franz Halder
"I do use texting as a great way to communicate quickly, but I don't Twitter or anything." -Dave Gahan
"The chief duty of government is to keep the peace and stand out of the sunshine of the people." -James A. Garfield
"The wrongdoer is more unfortunate than the man wronged." -Democritus
"People can have a long-term life plan only if they know their private property is secure." -Mencius
"Several tons of dynamite are set off in this picture - none of it under the right people." -James Agee
"My parents divorced when I was seven. Because divorce is messy, for good or ill, they sent me to boarding school." -Jack Davenport
"Happy songs are very difficult to write. How many truly great upbeat songs are there?" -Natalie Imbruglia
"Nothing is too wonderful to be true, if it be consistent with the laws of nature." -Michael Faraday
"Leave me in a room with some crayons and I'll draw on the wall." -Marilyn Manson
"I wish that every human life might be pure transparent freedom." -Simone de Beauvoir
"The reviewer is a singularly detested enemy because he is, unlike the hapless artist, invulnerable." -Carroll O'Connor
"Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing." -Vince Lombardi
"Happiness depends upon ourselves." -Aristotle
"You might not always get what you want, but you always get what you expect." -Charles Spurgeon
"All parts of the human body get tired eventually - except the tongue." -Konrad Adenauer
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"God forgive you, but I never can." -Elizabeth I
"Art is making something out of nothing and selling it." -Frank Zappa
"I don't like talking about myself, if I'm honest." -Rebecca Hall
"I want to get so famous that I don't have to wake up in the morning. It'll probably never happen." -Gabriel Iglesias
"Army: A body of men assembled to rectify the mistakes of the diplomats." -Josephus Daniels
"I wanted to act; that was my one goal. I wanted to devote all my time to acting and not waitressing or anything else." -Edie Falco
"Obedience to the word in humility of mind never confuses." -John Nelson Darby
"The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell." -Andrew Carnegie
"The more experiences you can have as an individual makes you a fuller person and a fuller actor." -Dominik Garcia-Lorido
"A car is useless in New York, essential everywhere else. The same with good manners." -Mignon McLaughlin
"The lack of money is the root of all evil." -Mark Twain
"Hate is always a clash between our spirit and someone else's body." -Cesare Pavese
"I wasn't really naked. I simply didn't have any clothes on." -Josephine Baker
"The patriot's blood is the seed of Freedom's tree." -Thomas Campbell
"I'm not a doctor - so I can't describe flashbacks well - but it is like you're living it again." -Darrell Hammond
"Love is the joy of the good, the wonder of the wise, the amazement of the Gods." -Plato
"I'm very practical and realistic." -Debby Ryan
"We women in Somalia are trying to be leaders in our community." -Hawa Abdi
"I was watching 'Pulp Fiction' when we were making 'Now and Then'. I didn't care about 'Now and Then,' you know?" -Gaby Hoffmann
"Saddam Hussein was a horrible man, and I am pleased he is no longer running Iraq. But the war was wrong." -Ed Balls
"Nearness to nature... keeps the spirit sensitive to impressions not commonly felt and in touch with the unseen powers." -Charles Eastman
"I feel safe in white because deep down inside, I'm an angel." -Sean Combs
"You have a lot of people on the run and really don't have time to sit down and eat a balanced meal." -Bo Jackson
"There are many talented people." -Paula Abdul
"Satire is a sort of glass, wherein beholders do generally discover everybody's face but their own." -Jonathan Swift
"My time with my family is a priority." -Nick Faldo
"If I write the song, I get to name it." -Britt Daniel
"Workers of the world unite; you have nothing to lose but your chains." -Karl Marx
"A city is a crazy concrete jungle whose people at the end of each day somehow make a small step ahead against terrible odds." -Herb Caen
"Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life." -Confucius
"Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God." -Leo Buscaglia
"Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love." -Jane Austen
"Grow old with me! The best is yet to be." -Robert Browning
"I don't have a tuxedo that fits anymore because my chest and my biceps are too big." -Charlie Sheen
"I listen to a lot of indie or rock music." -Jennifer Damiano
"The trouble with wedlock is that there's not enough wed and too much lock." -Christopher Morley
"The public is increasingly disgusted with a steady diet of defamation, and prepared to reward those who refrain from it." -Mitch Daniels
"I pray to God that I shall not live one hour after I have thought of using deception." -Elizabeth I
"Being thrown out of this place is significantly better than being thrown out of a leper colony." -Blake Edwards
"My husband believes that he can make a difference. He loves people." -Jackie Jackson
"Give me odorous at sunrise a garden of beautiful flowers where I can walk undisturbed." -Walt Whitman
"Next to the Word of God, the noble art of music is the greatest treasure in the world." -Martin Luther
"My name is more important than myself." -Pierre Cardin
"There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved." -George Sand
"If one must fight or create, it is necessary that this be preceded by the broadest possible knowledge." -Karel Capek
"Love is a game that two can play and both win." -Eva Gabor
"I've a great fancy to see my own funeral afore I die." -Maria Edgeworth
"The nation which can prefer disgrace to danger is prepared for a master and deserves one." -Alexander Hamilton
"Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom." -George S. Patton
"Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack." -Sun Tzu
"Women love romance, but they're not as romantic as men." -George Hamilton
"Power always thinks... that it is doing God's service when it is violating all his laws." -John Adams
"Besides, Weebles are too hard to draw - they just end up looking like eggs, not people." -Jesse James Garrett
"The way to be a man if you're a little boy is to be willing to throw your weight around." -Patricia Ireland
"Start wide, expand further, and never look back." -Arnold Schwarzenegger
"My motive, and I will make it clear and look you in the eyes, is to attack major league baseball. That's my motive." -Jose Canseco
"Coming in as a veteran, I'd like to finish with a gold medal." -Howard Bach
"I feel incredibly awkward as a human being and incredibly teenaged still." -Andrew Garfield
"Healthy disagreement, debate, leading to compromise has always been the American way." -Donald L. Carcieri
"On Sunday morning, I'm not nervous... I can't wait to tell what God wants me to say." -Charles Stanley
"Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence, so that's very important for good health." -Dalai Lama
"Let them hate so long as they fear." -Lucius Accius
"I've never really been the type of person who worries much about what people think of me." -Stephen Baldwin
"After all the work I've done, why should I suddenly be treated as a bona fide actress?" -Eva Gabor
"I was a different kind of kid, oversensitive and all that." -Brion James
"It's weird to have people just calling me Prince Charming in the street. It's a lot of pressure to walk around sometimes." -Josh Dallas
"If nothing else, there's comfort in recognising that no matter how much we fail and sin, death will limit our suffering." -Chuck Palahniuk
"A friend is what the heart needs all the time." -Henry Van Dyke
"I think every album you have, especially if it's done well, you feel like you're competing with yourself." -Alan Jackson
"Fashion often starts off beautiful and becomes ugly, whereas art starts off ugly sometimes and becomes beautiful." -David Bailey
"In my time, you needed to speak a little Italian, and that was it." -Juan Manuel Fangio
"If you come from Spain, you have to play football." -Enrique Iglesias
"As a child, I was bonkers for Christmas. The entire month of December, I couldn't sleep at night from anticipation." -Rosecrans Baldwin
"I don't like losing but I've mellowed. I maybe have a short fuse but it goes away quicker now." -Alex Ferguson
"I was in a military family, so by the time I was 13 I'd lived in six different places." -Olivia Munn
"I feel pride in being a Greenlander." -Aleqa Hammond
"All men have one entrance into life, and the like going out." -Solomon Ibn Gabirol
"I would roll up pennies to take the subway to work in Times Square. I was broke, but I was happy." -Jennifer Garner
"Agents and producers have to get you into a box to accommodate their limited imaginations." -Imelda Staunton
"Whoever loves becomes humble. Those who love have, so to speak, pawned a part of their narcissism." -Sigmund Freud
"Authors from whom others steal should not complain, but rejoice. Where there is no game there are no poachers." -Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
"Nothing is stranger to man than his own image." -Karel Capek
"The Republicans would like to take us back to a darker time, when corporations ruled and the underserved had no rights." -Joe Baca
"I've never had a penny through oil deals and no one has produced a shred of evidence that I have." -George Galloway
"Chris Brown is brilliant. That cat is crazy brilliant, and I wish him the best." -Anita Baker
"As a working mum, it's really hard to find time in the day to just relax and take a break. I am constantly on the go." -Kirsty Gallacher
"I had turned my anxiety into my profession." -Francois Jacob
"The biggest misconception people have about me is that I'm stupid." -Billy Idol
"'Tis love that makes the world go round, my baby." -Charles Dickens
"Work while you work, play while you play - this is a basic rule of repressive self-discipline." -Theodor Adorno
"I like to sail. My son Caden and I are avid sailors." -Doug Davidson
"In cities like New York and Austin, there's much more of a social context for music than in other places." -John Cale
"Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are." -Malcolm Forbes
"Man is the miracle in nature. God Is the One Miracle to man." -Jean Ingelow
"The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury." -Marcus Aurelius
"Glamour is what I sell, it's my stock in trade." -Marlene Dietrich
"A special kind of beauty exists which is born in language, of language, and for language." -Gaston Bachelard
"There are times I can't even figure myself out." -Aaliyah
"If you play a gay role, it sticks more than it does if an actor were to play a murderer or a psychopath." -Harry Hamlin
"I believe that every human soul is teaching something to someone nearly every minute here in mortality." -M. Russell Ballard
"It ain't no sin if you crack a few laws now and then, just so long as you don't break any." -Mae West
"I think people can believe in anything." -Tom Baker
"A handful of older, romantic leading men, like Sean Connery, Jack Nicholson, and Robert Redford are still landing parts." -Charles Dance
"I can be dramatic. I can be funny. I can be sexy. I can be sad. I can be glad." -Kimberly Elise
"I feel a little guilty only being an actor." -Blythe Danner
"I'll be working the rest of my life because I'm a character actor and don't have to worry about box office." -Vincent D'Onofrio
"Travelers repose and dream among my leaves." -William Blake
"Nobody gets to live life backward. Look ahead, that is where your future lies." -Ann Landers
"Love is a sacred reserve of energy; it is like the blood of spiritual evolution." -Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
"In the 'Mass Effect' universe, there is zero ad libbing." -Jennifer Hale
"Miracles come in moments. Be ready and willing." -Wayne Dyer
"The public don't know what they want; it's my job to tell them." -Alec Issigonis
"I'm interested in everthing but passionate about nothing." -Jeanne Calment
"When we talk about self-confrontations, we are speaking about moral issues rather than social issues." -Asghar Farhadi
"The public school has become the established church of secular society." -Ivan Illich
"The circulation of confidence is better than the circulation of money." -James Madison
"I don't spend as much time on my hair as people think. I get out of the shower, whack some grease on there and I'm done." -Chris Isaak
"I listen to my body, I give it things it wants and I eliminate things it doesn't want." -Britt Ekland
"It would be nice if we could clear up the nominations that are still out there, and there are a lot of them." -Tom Daschle
"You have to train your brain to be positive just like you work out your body." -Shawn Achor
"All the bands I've played with have had dynamic front men." -James Iha
"The basis of our political system is the right of the people to make and to alter their constitutions of government." -George Washington
"I believe that public space should be intentional: it should be obvious that you belong." -Janet Echelman
"My biggest excuse to others and myself was that I had writer's block, as if it was some kind of illness." -Mary Garden
"I will try to make a doll of Oksana with a little dog." -Oksana Baiul
"I've been 6 ft. 2 ins. since I was 13." -Saskia de Brauw
"I've been homeless on a few occasions." -Jay Electronica
"People don't really want to know what happens. They ask you for just a second, but then they don't want to know." -Jorge Garcia
"Berlin would be a great place to have no cell phone, I think. Especially if you were able to live in a central location." -Alex Ebert
"The best things in life are silly." -Scott Adams
"Censorship is advertising paid by the government." -Federico Fellini
"But I am satisfied that the information that we have that this is the work of Zarqawi, is accurate." -John Abizaid
"Innovation happens because there are people out there doing and trying a lot of different things." -Edward Felten
"What we want is to become masters in our own house." -Michael Ignatieff
"Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them." -Bruce Lee
"A family is a place where principles are hammered and honed on the anvil of everyday living." -Charles R. Swindoll
"All writers are vampires." -James Gandolfini
"You should welcome getting older in golf. With greater knowledge of your swing, you, too, can keep improving." -Angel Cabrera
"I'm a big believer in big books, and that doesn't necessarily mean long books." -Mark Z. Danielewski
"Composers dialogue - and obsessively, bitterly argue - with other composers, often over the span of several centuries." -Brian Ferneyhough
"I've been outspent by my opponents every time I've run for U.S. Senate." -Russ Feingold
"It's easier to be faithful to a restaurant than it is to a woman." -Federico Fellini
"Tradition is the illusion of permanance." -Woody Allen
"In Tim's films, more than most, if you miss the tone, you don't get the film." -Danny Elfman
"I like working with kids. I just have a way with kids." -Stephen Baker
"I think of 'The Hobbit' as more like a boy's own film, like those annuals from the 1930s and 1940s." -Mark Hadlow
"I never predict anything, and I never will." -Paul Gascoigne
"Didn't come up here to read. Came up here to hit." -Hank Aaron
"I've always had horrible Valentine's Days." -Rebecca Hall
"I like working on my birthday, so I always do." -Abhishek Bachchan
"I'm usually pretty insecure." -Britt Daniel
"My mission in life is to try and get to a point where my insides world is not affected by the outside world." -Jeremy Jackson
"Like all great travellers, I have seen more than I remember, and remember more than I have seen." -Benjamin Disraeli
"I was bullied and regarded as little bit of an oddball myself." -Peter Jackson
"Family and moral values are so central to everything that I am." -Marian Wright Edelman
"I can't imagine people telling me what to do - I just can't imagine it." -Jane Campion
"I'd say that animal rights and environmental issues have always been at the forefront of my mind." -Corey Feldman
"Some people will never learn anything, for this reason, because they understand everything too soon." -Alexander Pope
"I build engines and attach wheels to them." -Enzo Ferrari
"It's the steady, quiet, plodding ones who win in the lifelong race." -Robert W. Service
"My brother went on to have a long and sordid career." -Darrell Issa
"Some choices we live not only once but a thousand times over, remembering them for the rest of our lives." -Richard Bach
"I can't really remember my life without movies." -Elle Fanning
"He was a silly guy. Out - do the other guy. That was his effort at all times." -Cab Calloway
"Getting older is no problem. You just have to live long enough." -Groucho Marx
"Sometimes when I get home at night in Washington I feel as though I had been in a great traffic jam." -Grace Abbott
"No person has the right to rain on your dreams." -Marian Wright Edelman
"My father and all my uncles on both sides served in the military in World War II and Korea." -Darrell Issa
"But great loves, to the last, have pulses red; All great loves that have ever died dropped dead." -Helen Hunt Jackson
"Beauty is truth's smile when she beholds her own face in a perfect mirror." -Rabindranath Tagore
"What we find is that our brains have colossal things happening in them all the time." -David Eagleman
"Always stay true to yourselves." -Naima Adedapo
"Never, never, never give up." -Winston Churchill
"Every gun sold should require a background check, period." -Gary Ackerman
"We would like Serbia to become a member of the European Union as quickly as possible." -Ivica Dacic
"One longs to be funny, to make people laugh. Laughter is such a sign of approval, isn't it?" -Tom Baker
"He'll come back to visit, but not to stay, not to live." -Joseph Jackson
"Writing is conscience, scruple, and the farming of our ancestors." -Edward Dahlberg
"You're either sexy or you're not. I'm very self-conscious about my physiognomy." -Bobby Darin
"Science is not only a disciple of reason but, also, one of romance and passion." -Stephen Hawking
"No, the United States does not target civilians." -Douglas Feith
"Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well." -Josh Billings
"Old minds are like old horses; you must exercise them if you wish to keep them in working order." -John Adams
"Whenever a situation develops to its extreme, it is bound to turn around and become its opposite." -Frank Capra
"Religion is the frozen thought of man out of which they build temples." -Jiddu Krishnamurti
"The true method of knowledge is experiment." -William Blake
"Americans are pragmatic, relatively uncomplicated, hearty and given to broad humor." -Herb Caen
"I appreciate folks asking for my autograph." -Wolfman Jack
"Don't confuse facts with reality." -Robert Ballard
"Not much was really invented during the Renaissance, if you don't count modern civilization." -P. J. O'Rourke
"Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants." -Epictetus
"Men are often a lot less vindictive than women are, because we are rejected constantly every day." -Warren Farrell
"The manner in which one endures what must be endured is more important than the thing that must be endured." -Dean Acheson
"Advertising is the principal reason why the business man has come to inherit the earth." -James Randolph Adams
"That's so important for children when they're growing up, to have a strong male role model." -Mary Badham
"The whole film is about people being convinced that they can reduce themselves to their archetypes." -Atom Egoyan
"I was always shy and had a huge fear of being onstage." -Colbie Caillat
"Forgiveness is the final form of love." -Reinhold Niebuhr
"Everyone has always called me by my last name. Once people get to know me, they don't call me Sara anymore." -Sara Canning
"I don't expect to get yesterday's medicine. If I can help it, I'd like to get tomorrow's medicine." -Elizabeth Edwards
"Memory... is the diary that we all carry about with us." -Oscar Wilde
"Death is the king of this world: 'Tis his park where he breeds life to feed him. Cries of pain are music for his banquet." -George Eliot
"Why is there so much month left at the end of the money?" -John Barrymore
"People say 'I want to be rich'. The question is, 'Are you willing to do what it takes?'" -Robert Kiyosaki
"It's a funny thing that when a man hasn't anything on earth to worry about, he goes off and gets married." -Robert Frost
"Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died." -Erma Bombeck
"If epic poetry is a definite species, the sagas do not fall within it." -Lascelles Abercrombie
"Marriage is an attempt to solve problems together which you didn't even have when you were on your own." -Eddie Cantor
"In our society, the sound of men complaining is like nails on a chalkboard." -Warren Farrell
"Love is the only sane and satisfactory answer to the problem of human existence." -Erich Fromm
"We were not realizing that, with just a machete, you can do a genocide." -Boutros Boutros-Ghali
"It's all I have left in my life, caffeine and a poodle." -Brad Garrett
"One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries." -A. A. Milne
"When I give I give myself." -Walt Whitman
"A well-developed sense of humor is the pole that adds balance to your steps as you walk the tightrope of life." -William Arthur Ward
"There are not the same factual shows anymore - children's TV has become much more trivial." -Johnny Ball
"Once Playboy came to me, all the preachers ran. I needed to pose in Playboy to make money." -Jessica Hahn
"The strongest man in the world is he who stands most alone." -Henrik Ibsen
"A good short-story writer has an instinct for sketching in just enough background to ground the specific story." -Lynn Abbey
"Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies." -Aristotle
"To shipbrokers, coal was black gold." -Roald Dahl
"It sounds like something from a Woody Guthrie song, but it's true; I was raised in a freight car." -Merle Haggard
"This nation is never finished. It has to be re-created in each generation." -Lee H. Hamilton
"Creativity - like human life itself - begins in darkness." -Julia Cameron
"As soon as the fear approaches near, attack and destroy it." -Chanakya
"Contrary to what most people think, there is a Rich Daley under Mayor Daley." -William M. Daley
"I live for my daughter. Every decision I make is about her and for her. It's great. She's perfect." -Gareth Gates
"Little things can make such a big difference during recording." -Matt Cameron
"Nothingness not being nothing, nothingness being emptiness." -Isabelle Adjani
"The roughest road often leads to the top." -Christina Aguilera
"I sometimes feel that we are losing an intuitive sense of our own bodies." -Toyo Ito
"The fact that I am still alive after 100,000 laps is my championship." -Jacky Ickx
"I am proud to be an African." -Brenda Fassie
"The Giants were supposed to have a new motto, 'Shut up and deal.'" -Alvin Dark
"I believe in angels, so it's simple." -Isabelle Adjani
"If the general opinion is pessimistic, fantasy is going to hold its own." -David Eddings
"When I went to college, I was doing well in school, but I didn't have any drive to study." -Shiloh Fernandez
"If you're not passionate about what you want to do, you won't be good at it." -Sid Haig
"It's tough to stay married. My wife kisses the dog on the lips, yet she won't drink from my glass." -Rodney Dangerfield
"Say what you will about him Ed Koch is still the best show in town." -Pete Hamill
"What atonement is there for blood spilt upon the earth?" -Aeschylus
"Scotland really is a spectacularly beautiful country with so much history. I always go to Culzean Castle in Ayrshire." -Susan Eisenhower
"I think most musicians do like to have a laugh." -Neil Innes
"The Reformation did not directly touch the question of the true character of God's church." -John Nelson Darby
"Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning." -Albert Einstein
"My first vocation was dance." -Victoria Abril
"When you can do the common things of life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world." -George Washington Carver
"My family is basically Gypsies - for real." -Fairuza Balk
"Besides, most of the books I like involve people I could never play in a million years." -Hugh Dancy
"If we learn the art of yielding what must be yielded to the changing present, we can save the best of the past." -Dean Acheson
"I'm not shy or reclusive. I just spend my time with people rather than journalists." -Sade Adu
"I told my dentist my teeth are going yellow. he told me to wear a brown tie." -Rodney Dangerfield
"We don't thrive on military acts. We do them because we have to, and thank God we are efficient." -Golda Meir
"Genius ain't anything more than elegant common sense." -Josh Billings
"I'm not a registered Republican or Democrat. I don't even vote." -Eazy-E
"Someone who always has to lie discovers that every one of his lies is true." -Elias Canetti
"I've heard that kind of weird backward compliment often - 'She's so talented, but not pretty.'" -Kathy Baker
"Proof is an idol before whom the pure mathematician tortures himself." -Arthur Eddington
"You'll never see a good performance out of me, in terms of a character, when the camera isn't rolling." -Brendan Fehr
"Nothing, for the most part, surprises me anymore." -Brett Favre
"I grew up like a neglected weed - ignorant of liberty, having no experience of it." -Harriet Tubman
"Slightly forgettable movies can sometimes make great musicals." -Mark Gatiss
"You know the value of every article of merchandise, but if you don't know the value of your own soul, it's all foolishness." -Rumi
"I make a lot of money and I'm worth every cent." -Naomi Campbell
"Death is a distant rumor to the young." -Andy Rooney
"Of course education becomes very very important and that's for our human resource development." -Abdullah Ahmad Badawi
"Unable are the loved to die, for love is immortality." -Emily Dickinson
"Man, being reasonable, must get drunk; the best of life is but intoxication." -Lord Byron
"You who speak languages, you are such liars." -Orson Scott Card
"When humor goes, there goes civilization." -Erma Bombeck
"War is grounded in the notion of triumph and defeat. It is zero-sum." -Bruce Jackson
"Whatever you believe with feeling becomes your reality." -Brian Tracy
"Every four weeks I go up a bra size... it's worth being pregnant just for the breasts." -Natasha Hamilton
"Elections are won by men and women chiefly because most people vote against somebody rather than for somebody." -Franklin Pierce Adams
"How can a country that is impoverished, humiliated and beaten defend its national interests?" -Ivica Dacic
"To be prepared for war is one of the most effective means of preserving peace." -George Washington
"The Bible is a revelation of the mind and will of God to men. Therein we may learn, what God is." -Jupiter Hammon
"The jealous are troublesome to others, but a torment to themselves." -William Penn
"As a kid, 'Star Wars' was much more my thing than 'Star Trek' was." -J. J. Abrams
"Listening is a positive act: you have to put yourself out to do it." -David Hockney
"There is no short cut to achievement. Life requires thorough preparation - veneer isn't worth anything." -George Washington Carver
"I like my teammates." -Brett Favre
"No one can undermine national unity." -Ivica Dacic
"If thy heart fails thee, climb not at all." -Elizabeth I
"The truth is often a terrible weapon of aggression. It is possible to lie, and even to murder, with the truth." -Alfred Adler
"I'm a huge fan of burgers, and they're not my wife's favorite, so we don't cook them at home." -Jose Garces
"Art used to be made in the name of faith. We made cathedrals, we made stained-glass windows, we made murals." -Julia Cameron
"I am a great believer that a captain is as good as his team." -Gautam Gambhir
"I always wanted to be a pilot." -Bo Jackson
"A bigot is simply a sociologist without credentials." -Dinesh D'Souza
"God sent me on earth. He send me to do something, and nobody can stop me. If God want to stop me, then I stop. Man never can." -Bob Marley
"The body can do amazing things in a situation when it is really called for." -Suzanne Farrell
"You figure that time could heal all wounds, but some people just really hold a crazy grudge." -Steven Adler
"The internet could be a very positive step towards education, organisation and participation in a meaningful society." -Noam Chomsky
"I like to write books that touch my heart. I want to entertain, and I love to entertain myself." -Simone Elkeles
"Pride makes us artificial and humility makes us real." -Thomas Merton
"The road to perseverance lies by doubt." -Francis Quarles
"Once made equal to man, woman becomes his superior." -Socrates
"Most Americans approach the problems of the Middle East with a pro-Israeli bias - and rightly so." -George Ball
"Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go." -T. S. Eliot
"You have to, in some ways, trust in the human spirit and in human ingenuity." -Ariel Garten
"The sin of slavery is one of which it may be said that without the shedding of blood there is no remission." -James A. Garfield
"Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit." -Napoleon Hill
"Women's sport helps break down a lot of barriers for women in other areas, whether in religion or politics." -Clare Balding
"Running the test suite like this allows us to catch problems when they are just introduced." -Miguel de Icaza
"Don't follow trends, start trends." -Frank Capra
"I find it's usually the bullies who are the most insecure." -Tom Felton
"We're not arrogant, we just believe we're the best band in the world." -Noel Gallagher
"Of all the things you choose in life, you don't get to choose what your nightmares are. You don't pick them; they pick you." -John Irving
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." -William James
"My life is pretty hectic, but I'm really into it." -Simon Baker
"Love in its essence is spiritual fire." -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"I understand it's my role to realize people's dreams." -Ayumi Hamasaki
"Mature love is composed and sustaining; a celebration of commitment, companionship, and trust." -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"Being an intellectual creates a lot of questions and no answers." -Janis Joplin
"I have always tried to stay current." -Rick Baker
"When I was growing up in East Germay, everyone said there was no God. So I started looking for it myself." -Nina Hagen
"The details are not the details. They make the design." -Charles Eames
"Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live." -John Dewey
"The good man is he who rules himself as he does his own property: his autonomous being is modelled on material power." -Theodor Adorno
"The word 'racism' is like ketchup. It can be put on practically anything - and demanding evidence makes you a 'racist.'" -Thomas Sowell
"Curiosity is the wick in the candle of learning." -William Arthur Ward
"I didn't expect to be dropped by England." -Rio Ferdinand
"Excellence means when a man or woman asks of himself more than others do." -Jose Ortega y Gasset
"What nature delivers to us is never stale. Because what nature creates has eternity in it." -Isaac Bashevis Singer
"I'm developing a record company. I'm learning how to supervise music on a film." -Carson Daly
"There has been a shift to what may be defined as a culture of negativity which goes well beyond coverage of politics." -Alastair Campbell
"I try to find the picture, not create it." -Sante D'Orazio
"Rock stars wanting to write is even worse than wanting to act in movies, right?" -Evan Dando
"The way you think, the way you behave, the way you eat, can influence your life by 30 to 50 years." -Deepak Chopra
"The future ain't what it used to be." -Yogi Berra
"To be interested in the changing seasons is a happier state of mind than to be hopelessly in love with spring." -George Santayana
"Who is richer? The man who is seen, but cannot see? Or the man who is not being seen, but can see?" -Babe Ruth
"First of all, Bolshevism represents revolution and the revolutionary struggle." -C. L. R. James
"Imagination is the air of mind." -Philip James Bailey
"Reject what you don't want. Get rid of dead wood." -Daryl Hall
"I'm not making music for people who like Disney shows. I make music for people who like music." -Debby Ryan
"You can't say one thing and behave another way. Kids learn more from watching you in life than what you say to them." -Andy Garcia
"It's been a long time since I've written old-fashioned sword and sorcery; I'm hoping it's like riding a bicycle." -Lynn Abbey
"No one will ever feel sorry for me." -Rose Kennedy
"I can sing; I can hold a tune." -Brandon Adams
"Since we cannot change reality, let us change the eyes which see reality." -Nikos Kazantzakis
"Once a woman has forgiven her man, she must not reheat his sins for breakfast." -Marlene Dietrich
"We undress men and women, we don't dress them any more." -Pierre Cardin
"I would imagine that if you could understand Morse code, a tap dancer would drive you crazy." -Mitch Hedberg
"If you don't like affirmative action, what is your plan to guarantee a level playing field of opportunity?" -Maynard Jackson
"I really appreciate people like Rosie coming out and saying I've inspired them." -Wanda Jackson
"I am glad to go with my wife and baby boy." -Alex Campbell
"My guru said that when he suffers, it brings him closer to God. I have found this, too." -Ram Dass
"Tradition becomes our security, and when the mind is secure it is in decay." -Jiddu Krishnamurti
"I feel like I have to be responsible for what I'm participating in or putting out into the world." -Paul Dano
"Suffering is the positive element in this world, indeed it is the only link between this world and the positive." -Franz Kafka
"I've looked that old scoundrel death in the eye many times but this time I think he has me on the ropes." -Douglas MacArthur
"Good things happen when you get your priorities straight." -Scott Caan
"We've arranged a civilization in which most crucial elements profoundly depend on science and technology." -Carl Sagan
"I'm so bad at spontaneous impressions." -Ana Gasteyer
"I never felt entitled to anything. I'm the hardest worker I know." -Daryl Hall
"By common consent gray hairs are a crown of glory; the only object of respect that can never excite envy." -George Bancroft
"I promise to be an excellent husband, but give me a wife who, like the moon, will not appear every day in my sky." -Anton Chekhov
"I wake up every morning and I surprise myself. I wake up to a new me." -Gina Carano
"Never do anything yourself that others can do for you." -Agatha Christie
"Expect problems and eat them for breakfast." -Alfred A. Montapert
"If you tell people where to go, but not how to get there, you'll be amazed at the results." -George S. Patton
"I'm a bit of a fraud, really, as I didn't study acting at a drama school." -Celia Imrie
"A great photograph is one that fully expresses what one feels, in the deepest sense, about what is being photographed." -Ansel Adams
"It is outrageous to utter the name of Jesus Christ and live in Judaism." -Ignatius of Antioch
"The highest purpose is to have no purpose at all. This puts one in accord with nature, in her manner of operation." -John Cage
"I went on television and I wouldn't say a word; I feel so stupid when I watch them again." -Charlotte Gainsbourg
"No woman ever hates a man for being in love with her, but many a woman hate a man for being a friend to her." -Alexander Pope
"Personally, I can't see how anyone can produce any beautiful music out of being angry." -Chico Hamilton
"I keep my thoughts to myself, and I think that's one of the best ways to be." -Tito Jackson
"The child is father of the man." -William Wordsworth
"Passion makes idiots of the cleverest men, and makes the biggest idiots clever." -Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"Most people don't realize turkeys are friendly, they're social, they're loyal, they have emotions." -Shannon Elizabeth
"Every charitable act is a stepping stone toward heaven." -Henry Ward Beecher
"My mother had a great deal of trouble with me, but I think she enjoyed it." -Mark Twain
"I always wanted to find oil. It was always an irresistible calling." -Harold Hamm
"I look my best when I take my helmet off after a long motorcycle ride. I have a glow and a bit of helmet hair." -Eric Bana
"I think of myself as a serious professor who, during the weekend, writes novels." -Umberto Eco
"People do see me as sweet and innocent. Not to say that I am not those things. But I have other sides to me." -Janet Jackson
"There are three constants in life... change, choice and principles." -Stephen Covey
"Accept yourself, love yourself." -Chanel Iman
"Looks like she's been slapping the kid again." -Dashiell Hammett
"Playing is my way of thinking, talking, communicating." -Lionel Hampton
"I'm not a big eye makeup girl unless there's a professional doing it - otherwise I look like I have two black eyes!" -Holland Roden
"The Bermuda Triangle got tired of warm weather. It moved to Alaska. Now Santa Claus is missing." -Steven Wright
"I was never a rail-thin person." -Jessica Capshaw
"I like being a woman and having a womanly body." -Jennie Garth
"What men call accident is God's own part." -Philip James Bailey
"Noble deeds that are concealed are most esteemed." -Blaise Pascal
"I was being categorized as some kind of twangy songwriter. And that's just not how I see myself." -Kathleen Edwards
"I don't walk around big headed. I'm not a superstar." -DMX
"Every piece of software written today is likely going to infringe on someone else's patent." -Miguel de Icaza
"I say what I feel. I try to be tactful, but I can't not say what I feel. I have a really big problem with that." -Sherilyn Fenn
"Men are governed by lines of intellect - women: by curves of emotion." -James Joyce
"The love of family and the admiration of friends is much more important than wealth and privilege." -Charles Kuralt
"The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good." -Samuel Johnson
"If you have high IQ, you're really good at finding post-hoc arguments to support your feelings of truthiness." -Jonathan Haidt
"The more one judges, the less one loves." -Honore de Balzac
"Success is dependent on effort." -Sophocles
"Patriotism is the last refuge of the scoundrel." -Samuel Johnson
"The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues." -Rene Descartes
"Revenge is an act of passion; vengeance of justice. Injuries are revenged; crimes are avenged." -Samuel Johnson
"The old Devil gets mad when you're trying to do good. Pray that God will move the stumbling blocks." -Mahalia Jackson
"It is in revolutionary periods that the culmination of previous trends and the beginning of new ones appear." -C. L. R. James
"Cinema should make you forget you are sitting in a theater." -Roman Polanski
"A child who is allowed to be disrespectful to his parents will not have true respect for anyone." -Billy Graham
"What a man takes in by contemplation, that he pours out in love." -Meister Eckhart
"I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
"Everyone's a geek in some way or other. Everyone's an outsider." -Jesse Eisenberg
"I love intricate plotting and exciting twists, but I realize more that people enjoy a good story in a simple, focused way." -Evan Daugherty
"I love my family, my wife, my kids, my dogs, my home, my life. I am a very happy and contented man." -Eric Idle
"Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please." -Mark Twain
"Let there be more joy and laughter in your living." -Eileen Caddy
"Shoes are the first adult machines we are given to master." -Nicholson Baker
"Money creates a power relationship between the payer and the payee." -Joichi Ito
"Whatever the scientists may say, if we take the supernatural out of life, we leave only the unnatural." -Amelia Barr
"My co-workers expect me to be late and temperamental." -Eva Gabor
"To be a man is, precisely, to be responsible." -Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"If I'd just tried for them dinky singles I could've batted around .600." -Babe Ruth
"Race, redemption and healing - that's my thing." -Bebe Moore Campbell
"Life does not agree with philosophy: There is no happiness that is not idleness, and only what is useless is pleasurable." -Anton Chekhov
"To succeed today, you have to set priorities, decide what you stand for." -Lee Iacocca
"According to God's word, everybody at some point is going to be given the opportunity to know the truth." -Stephen Baldwin
"I'm very nerdy about my music, and I like interrogating people about what they put on playlists." -Rebecca Hall
"Well, I decided to stop. And I did. I stopped smoking, and I stopped speed at the same time." -Larry Hagman
"Anthrax, it's something that gets you sick, it's horrible, strong. It's a heavy-metal band name if there ever was one." -Scott Ian
"The good guy only gets the girl in a soppy way." -James D'arcy
"He has made a profession out of a business and an art out of a profession." -Clifton Fadiman
"Opposition is true friendship." -William Blake
"Stuff that's hidden and murky and ambiguous is scary because you don't know what it does." -Jerry Garcia
"In many ways, Viv and I were the only ones who were really songwriters." -Neil Innes
"People either know Alan Rudolph and love every single one of his films or they don't know him at all." -Neve Campbell
"I can't afford to be a member of a golf course." -Jack Abramoff
"With my plays, when the lights go down, at least the audience isn't thinking, 'Oh, God, two more hours of this.'" -David Ives
"Hatred is self-punishment." -Hosea Ballou
"The free way of life proposes ends, but it does not prescribe means." -Robert Kennedy
"Give me a man who says this one thing I do, and not those fifty things I dabble in." -Dwight L. Moody
"I do love my work. As an actor, you live from job to job, though, and you have to be prepared for that." -Julianne Moore
"Failure after long perseverance is much grander than never to have a striving good enough to be called a failure." -George Eliot
"I love playing a dad. It's hard to find family dramas that are genuinely funny." -Peter Gallagher
"Everybody likes Johnny Cash. I think the sad part of it is his health is givin' him problems." -Merle Haggard
"A thorough knowledge of the Bible is worth more than a college education." -Theodore Roosevelt
"Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open." -John Barrymore
"I never wear mascara; I laugh until I cry too often." -Jeanne Calment
"We don't have a monopoly. We have market share. There's a difference." -Steve Ballmer
"I know of no way of judging the future but by the past." -Patrick Henry
"I love all my fam. I have quite possibly the best dad, mom, and sister in the world." -Ryan Eggold
"The system decides you can't run schools in the summer." -Geoffrey Canada
"Increasingly I've come to think that what's at the core of acting is thinking. Most people would say it's feeling." -Simon Callow
"I have respected women from the beginning of my life." -Julio Iglesias
"Women love always: when earth slips from them, they take refuge in heaven." -George Sand
"One and God make a majority." -Frederick Douglass
"I can reach people the average person can't reach because I'm as grounded as I am." -DMX
"I'll not listen to reason... reason always means what someone else has got to say." -Elizabeth Gaskell
"I'm from Southampton." -Laura Carmichael
"The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched, they must be felt with the heart." -Helen Keller
"I think so many people are reactive... they see things in a short term way they're right up against it." -Ray Dalio
"Show me a hero and I'll write you a tragedy." -F. Scott Fitzgerald
"Knowledge of the sciences is so much smoke apart from the heavenly science of Christ." -John Calvin
"If you feel you have the right key, you try to make some phrase or sound that will fit." -Jan Garbarek
"My father was a man of few words." -Ken Venturi
"I can read and write. I went to school for six years. I just couldn't continue." -Angel Cabrera
"If you think about computer programming, it's as antisocial as it gets." -Shawn Fanning
"I'm a hard-working girl. I go to the office. I work a normal 9 to 5 job most days." -Petra Ecclestone
"Are there memories left that are safe from the clutches of phony anniversaries?" -Pope Paul VI
"If you read Keats's poems, they're often full of doubts and anxieties. They can be quite tough." -Jane Campion
"I've helped many, many, many children, thousands of children, cancer kids, leukemia kids." -Michael Jackson
"Tomorrow is no man's gift." -Gilbert Parker
"I was interested in implements of mass destruction - from an academic point of view." -Dan Farmer
"I find the most interesting and most daring scripts tend to be for independent films." -Neve Campbell
"The Joan Crawford that I've heard about in 'Mommie Dearest' is not the Joan Crawford I knew back when." -Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.
"The only thing worse than a liar is a liar that's also a hypocrite!" -Tennessee Williams
"If someone says you're a reporter and doesn't want you to anchor then you wonder why you worked so hard at it." -Gayle Gardner
"If nature were a bank, they would have already rescued it." -Eduardo Galeano
"I have no philosophy, my favourite thing is sitting in the studio." -Arne Jacobsen
"I am one of the few actresses who isn't recognized by the way she looks. I'm recognized by the way I talk." -Joey Lauren Adams
"Enjoyment is an incredible energizer to the human spirit." -John C. Maxwell
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." -Eleanor Roosevelt
"The post office actually achieves its mission. I wish we could say the same of the CIA." -Barry Eisler
"We are to seek wisdom and understanding only in the length of days." -Robert Hall
"The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart." -Helen Keller
"A black cat crossing your path signifies that the animal is going somewhere." -Groucho Marx
"I have always voted for who I believed was the best person." -Robert M. Gates
"One lives with so many bad deeds on one's conscience and some good intentions in one's heart." -John Dewey
"They have a joy for life in Brazil unlike any country I've ever seen." -Morena Baccarin
"The easiest way to not believe your own hype is to not know what people are saying about you." -Debby Ryan
"Anyone who goes on the stage is a show-off, aren't they? Acting's weird." -Celia Imrie
"Gender equality will only be reached if we are able to empower women." -Michelle Bachelet
"People who enjoy meetings should not be in charge of anything." -Thomas Sowell
"I really get that some people like the roots-rock, storytelling thing that I was doing, and I'm proud of that." -Kathleen Edwards
"The British soldiers serving in Afghanistan alongside Prince Harry were in exceptional danger until he was withdrawn." -John Eisenhower
"For it is in giving that we receive." -Francis of Assisi
"I don't know that the Libertarian Party has an official position on the separation of church and state." -Michael Badnarik
"I'm always thinking 'Don't mess this up.'" -Jennette McCurdy
"It's not sometimes realistic to think that something magical can happen, but I think I look for the magic." -Sherilyn Fenn
"Charms strike the sight, but merit wins the soul." -Alexander Pope
"I grew up playing classical piano and percussion." -Janina Gavankar
"The perfect shorts are always important." -Britt Robertson
"It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light." -Aristotle Onassis
"Man is a creation of desire, not a creation of need." -Gaston Bachelard
"I don't know how people can live without a therapist." -Neve Campbell
"Since I've started fighting it has taught me a lot about self respect, self confidence and self control." -Gina Carano
"High school is the time to find yourself and to explore with fashion and create your own identity." -India de Beaufort
"Skeptical scrutiny is the means, in both science and religion, by which deep thoughts can be winnowed from deep nonsense." -Carl Sagan
"Fate will find a way." -Virgil
"Be of love a little more careful than of anything." -e. e. cummings
"The best preparation for good work tomorrow is to do good work today." -Elbert Hubbard
"Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care for people will hear them and be influenced by them for good or ill." -Buddha
"The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government." -Mitt Romney
"I've always played with kids that were five, six, seven years older than me." -Bo Jackson
"A dream collage is pictures of your goals. It is like your future photo album." -Bo Bennett
"The object of studying philosophy is to know one's own mind, not other people's." -Dean Inge
"Prayer is a strong wall and fortress of the church; it is a goodly Christian weapon." -Martin Luther
"I don't recognize my people anymore. I feel Somalia is lost. There is no Somalia. It is just a name." -Hawa Abdi
"At 11, I got my first job in a mini-series for America, and it was very exciting." -Tamsin Egerton
"We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves." -Buddha
"Long as I was riding in a big Cadillac and dressed nice and had plenty of food, that's all I cared about." -Etta James
"I sat down one night and wrote the line rock, rock, rock everybody." -Bill Haley
"I guess for me what is more significant than success is the nature of each of the songs and of the words." -Peter Garrett
"I've felt a little culpable that we entrepreneurs often invent businesses just to drive people to buy more things." -Lisa Gansky
"Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on." -Les Brown
"No human creature can give orders to love." -George Sand
"We are already too dependent on gambling revenue. If we continue, we will soon be owned by them." -Donald L. Carcieri
"Genius is more often found in a cracked pot than in a whole one." -E. B. White
"I was in good control of my body, and I kept my head still." -Dennis Eckersley
"The Northwest is in better shape than it was eight years ago." -Bruce Babbitt
"Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be." -Abraham Lincoln
"Yosemite Valley, to me, is always a sunrise, a glitter of green and golden wonder in a vast edifice of stone and space." -Ansel Adams
"If you make listening and observation your occupation you will gain much more than you can by talk." -Robert Baden-Powell
"I write pretty much year-round, but I definitely do more when a deadline is looming." -Jason Isbell
"Man is not the sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have." -Jean-Paul Sartre
"There are very little things in this life I cannot afford and patience is one of them." -Larry Hagman
"Mankind must put an end to war before war puts an end to mankind." -John F. Kennedy
"Management by objective works - if you know the objectives. Ninety percent of the time you don't." -Peter Drucker
"And yet it moves." -Galileo Galilei
"For these reasons, women tend to rely more heavily on Social Security in their retirement than do men." -Steve Israel
"Kittens can happen to anyone." -Paul Gallico
"Sometimes you want to give up the guitar, you'll hate the guitar. But if you stick with it, you're gonna be rewarded." -Jimi Hendrix
"Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better." -Samuel Beckett
"Americans never quit." -Douglas MacArthur
"My sister and I were born in San Francisco. When our parents died, we came down here to live with relatives." -Freddy Fender
"Whatever life throws at me I'll take it and be grateful for it as well." -Tom Felton
"Tears may be dried up, but the heart - never." -Marguerite Gardiner
"For a long period in my life - it lasted about 10 years - I had writer's block." -Mary Garden
"What is now proved was once only imagined." -William Blake
"It's the people who try to be clever who never are; the people who are clever never think of trying to be." -Gilbert Parker
"Acting is what I love to do. I wouldn't trade it for the world. I don't think of it as work. It's really fun for me." -Dakota Fanning
"Adapt or perish, now as ever, is nature's inexorable imperative." -H. G. Wells
"Blessed are they who have nothing to say and who cannot be persuaded to say it." -James Russell Lowell
"I would prefer even to fail with honor than win by cheating." -Sophocles
"I have grown up alone. I've taken care of myself. I worked, earned money and was independent at 18." -Ingrid Bergman
"As an actor, you know, I love not being pigeonholed, which is great. No one really knows who I am. So that's a positive." -Kathryn Hahn
"My folks always let me go to the movies every Saturday. We were really motion-picture goers." -John Wayne
"Theirs is not to make reply: Theirs is not to reason why: Theirs is but to do and die." -Alfred Lord Tennyson
"A wise man fights to win, but he is twice a fool who has no plan for possible defeat." -Louis L'Amour
"I was the least Pop of all the Pop artists." -Robert Indiana
"I think personal growth has much to do with acting ability." -Beverly D'Angelo
"No family is sane, is it?" -Rebecca Hall
"Associate yourself with people of good quality, for it is better to be alone than in bad company." -Booker T. Washington
"Death is the solution to all problems. No man - no problem." -Joseph Stalin
"There's nobody in the business strong enough to scare me." -Tupac Shakur
"When you cover the economy as a reporter, there's one part of the job that is always easy: finding economists who disagree." -Adam Davidson
"Tomorrow let us do or die!" -Thomas Campbell
"I think the first duty of society is justice." -Alexander Hamilton
"Don't get up from the feast of life without paying for your share of it." -Dean Inge
"If you're all loaded up on love, you haven't got anywhere else to go." -John Cale
"A celibate clergy is an especially good idea, because it tends to suppress any hereditary propensity toward fanaticism." -Carl Sagan
"In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order." -Carl Jung
"Historically, in my generation, all of my heroes and heroines have had issues and problems. We all do." -Anita Baker
"I did a show called 'Bakersfield, P.D.' That was one of the best things I have ever done." -Ron Eldard
"The demand for electricity to have a strong, growing economy is too great to be simply offset by more conservation." -Spencer Abraham
"He said true things, but called them by wrong names." -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
"All violence consists in some people forcing others, under threat of suffering or death, to do what they do not want to do." -Leo Tolstoy
"I don't keep up with Twitter all day long." -Jill Abramson
"I worked hard. Anyone who works as hard as I did can achieve the same results." -Johann Sebastian Bach
"I do not consider myself beautiful." -Beatrice Dalle
"The ideal man doesn't exist. A husband is easier to find." -Britt Ekland
"You are, at this moment, standing, right in the middle of your own 'acres of diamonds.'" -Earl Nightingale
"Every day is a new experience and I take it as it comes." -Zac Efron
"I've done a lot of partying in my time because I didn't want to go home and I didn't know what to do." -Natalie Imbruglia
"Serbia stands firmly on the EU path." -Ivica Dacic
"American literature had always considered writing a very serious matter." -Guillermo Cabrera Infante
"I'm a DJ who makes dance music who got to play with Sting." -Afrojack
"I cannot afford to waste my time making money." -Louis Agassiz
"I kind of put myself out there as is. I'm a quiet person. I don't know if that's surprising. I'm a Pilates junkie." -Zach Galifianakis
"I have a horror of not rising above mediocrity." -Robert Baldwin
"I kind of think I'm going to live a long life as a punishment." -Jessica Hahn
"It takes three to make a child." -e. e. cummings
"If you work hard and you're good, you can build something for yourself." -Daryl Hall
"I love the name of honor, more than I fear death." -Julius Caesar
"As long as I have teeth, I'll keep playing. You can't play trumpet without teeth." -Lionel Ferbos
"Life is like playing a violin solo in public and learning the instrument as one goes on." -Samuel Butler
"Everything you think about yourself, everything you believe about yourself, is because you learned it." -Miguel Angel Ruiz
"I need therapy after writing. It's like leaking blood from a stone. It's brutally difficult but worth it." -Feist
"When we learn from experience, the scars of sin can lead us to restoration and a renewed intimacy with God." -Charles Stanley
"In Republics, the great danger is, that the majority may not sufficiently respect the rights of the minority." -James Madison
"I always said God was against art and I still believe it." -Edward Elgar
"Wars have never hurt anybody except the people who die." -Salvador Dali
"London is the most multicultural, mixed-race place on Earth." -JJ Feild
"I didn't try and do fashion pictures. I tried to do portraits of girls wearing dresses." -David Bailey
"Those Marriages generally abound most with Love and Constancy, that are preceded by a long Courtship." -Joseph Addison
"Cheerfulness is the best promoter of health and is as friendly to the mind as to the body." -Joseph Addison
"I'm an average citizen and always have been." -Sandy Adams
"I don't think it's fair to compare Dick Cheney to Vader - it's unfair to Vader." -Mark Hamill
"Why put make-up on when you only have to take it off again?" -Glenda Jackson
"It is true that a fellow cannot ignore women - but he can think of them as he ought - as sisters, not as sparring partners." -Jim Elliot
"All in the Family was intellectual; it was art." -Carroll O'Connor
"My good films were independent and my bad films were not." -Ralph Bakshi
"My favorite NBA team are the houston rockets and favorite college team are the duke blue devils." -Dante Hall
"When knowledge is limited - it leads to folly... When knowledge exceeds a certain limit, it leads to exploitation." -Abu Bakr
"All this happened, more or less. The war parts, anyway, are pretty much true." -Kurt Vonnegut
"I have an extremely addictive personality. I'm an extremist." -Leif Garrett
"It always seems impossible until its done." -Nelson Mandela
"A sword never kills anybody; it is a tool in the killer's hand." -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"Pessimism leads to weakness, optimism to power." -William James
"Some men are like nails, very easily drawn; others however are more like rivets never drawn at all." -John Burroughs
"Comedy is hard to do. All the cliches about it are true." -Jeff Daniels
"Everybody has to be somebody to somebody to be anybody." -Malcolm Forbes
"My mom is my best friend and my biggest cheerleader." -Scott Eastwood
"After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music." -Aldous Huxley
"Change, like sunshine, can be a friend or a foe, a blessing or a curse, a dawn or a dusk." -William Arthur Ward
"A bachelor is a guy who never made the same mistake once." -Phyllis Diller
"We cannot do everything in Africa, but doing nothing is not an option." -Lee H. Hamilton
"We're not perfect. We're a work in progress. But man, America has gotten a lot of things right." -Donna Edwards
"A human being is a deciding being." -Viktor E. Frankl
"I'm surprised sometimes at how some of my actions are misinterpreted." -Larry David
"I want to do movies, television and theater. Whatever comes along." -Ansel Elgort
"I wanted to change the world. But I have found that the only thing one can be sure of changing is oneself." -Aldous Huxley
"It's a cliche, but it's true that all the fun lies in baddies, grotesques and comic roles." -Mark Gatiss
"Your ordinary acts of love and hope point to the extraordinary promise that every human life is of inestimable value." -Desmond Tutu
"It is so difficult in the world for people to find love, true love." -LaToya Jackson
"I have no enthusiasm for nature which the slightest chill will not instantly destroy." -George Sand
"The whole rise of new adult contemporary music and smooth jazz was a nice surprise." -Kenny G
"I go home by noon, and I'm in bed by 6 p.m. I get up at 1 and do it again." -Bob Edwards
"Dancing inspires my music. Having your girlfriends all together and just being free and happy." -Bella Thorne
"I'm really good at gymnastics, and that's about it." -Amy Adams
"Yeah, I don't deal with current events or pop culture, and I avoid politics like the plague." -Max Cannon
"I'd rather learn from one bird how to sing than to teach ten thousand stars how not to dance." -e. e. cummings
"The hardest thing to explain is the glaringly evident which everybody had decided not to see." -Ayn Rand
"I'm just writin' about my little ol' love affair." -Merle Haggard
"I am available to all women - all women who can afford me, that is." -Vincent Gallo
"The night cometh when no man can work." -Sheldon Jackson
"There's one political party in this country, and that's the corporate party." -John Hall
"Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within." -James A. Baldwin
"It's believing you can push through the exhaustion just to be able to sing after you do a cartwheel or a split." -Naima Adedapo
"I must study politics and war that my sons may have liberty to study mathematics and philosophy." -John Adams
"More than anything, acting helped me discover who I'm not. I've learned that I'm a girly girl, but not a prissy girl." -Debby Ryan
"Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted." -John Lennon
"We are all so much together, but we are all dying of loneliness." -Albert Schweitzer
"Comedy is so hard to do, so it was very cool to do dead pan humor." -Brittany Daniel
"I wear high heels for long legs." -Georgia May Jagger
"My films are the expression of momentary desires. I follow my instincts, but in a disciplined way." -Roman Polanski
"Every TV show is a crapshoot, really. But every once in a while, a show gets anointed as 'the show.'" -Simon Baker
"Negligence is the rust of the soul, that corrodes through all her best resolves." -Owen Feltham
"I was always a closet blues player." -Tito Jackson
"I'm a great believer in the beauty and the power of surprise." -Mark Gatiss
"If you're naturally kind, you attract a lot of people you don't like." -William Feather
"Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much." -Helen Keller
"The only element of jazz that I keep is improvisation." -Jan Garbarek
"I see myself as sexy. If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing." -Aaliyah
"If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles." -Sun Tzu
"Honey isn't really that good for you." -Erykah Badu
"It is only when I am doing my work that I feel truly alive." -Federico Fellini
"Maybe the most that you can expect from a relationship that goes bad is to come out of it with a few good songs." -Marianne Faithfull
"I run to see who has the most guts." -Steve Prefontaine
"Microbes are doing things we didn't even know they could do 10 years ago." -Robert Jackson
"Reading Stephen King's book, On Writing, was like being cornered and forced to have a long, drawn out mental enema." -Mary Garden
"A cheerful frame of mind, reinforced by relaxation... is the medicine that puts all ghosts of fear on the run." -George Matthew Adams
"With confidence, you have won before you have started." -Marcus Garvey
"One man with a head on his shoulders is worth a dozen without." -Elizabeth I
"I came, I saw, I conquered." -Julius Caesar
"I loved 'The Pitts.' I just loved it." -Dylan Baker
"I'm a New Yorker; my oven is used for storage." -Cheyenne Jackson
"Music is always a commentary on society." -Frank Zappa
"I don't really read books. Wish I did." -Rebecca Ferguson
"After all is said and done, sit down." -Bill Copeland
"I like to be a free spirit. Some don't like that, but that's the way I am." -Princess Diana
"The extreme socialists desire to run every nation as a single business concern." -John B. S. Haldane
"To be in prison so long, it's difficult to remember exactly what you did to get there." -Jack Henry Abbott
"Google's not a real company. It's a house of cards." -Steve Ballmer
"I care about public perception, yes. I don't care about my enemies' perception." -George Galloway
"I'm a fan of music in general." -Johnny Galecki
"I've had confidence in myself all along. It was just a matter of getting the pieces back in place." -Dale Earnhardt
"What is called a sincere work is one that is endowed with enough strength to give reality to an illusion." -Max Jacob
"In my sex fantasy, nobody ever loves me for my mind." -Nora Ephron
"The idea is to do out-of-the-box films that showcase my versatility and talent." -Vir Das
"I got to play with Nintendo's Wii, yes it's a funny name and not very revolutionary but it was fun whipping your arms around." -Olivia Munn
"But surely for everything you have to love you have to pay some price." -Agatha Christie
"The patriot volunteer, fighting for country and his rights, makes the most reliable soldier on earth." -Stonewall Jackson
"You know, I'm cursed with morals. I was raised a certain way. I wish I wasn't. I wish I was raised by wolves." -Carson Daly
"I just play him as myself, I don't ease myself into any role really. I stick a beard on and play me." -Michael Gambon
"I need my mom for moral support plus to do the house things." -Melky Cabrera
"Some people strengthen the society just by being the kind of people they are." -John W. Gardner
"You can't force music; It just has to come to you." -Debby Ryan
"My parents were married 53 years, good and bad. Can I do that? Probably not. But I really hope I can." -Scott Baio
"There is something in the pang of change More than the heart can bear, Unhappiness remembering happiness." -Euripides
"Any great character is the combination of a brilliant actor and the right writing." -Brad Falchuk
"Forty is the line of demarcation that says you're an adult now. You're an adult, so don't pretend you're a kid anymore." -Paul Feig
"Well, I love tattoos and have been drawing them on my binders in school since I was little." -Kimberly Caldwell
"The two most engaging powers of an author are to make new things familiar, familiar things new." -William Makepeace Thackeray
"A Scout is never taken by surprise; he knows exactly what to do when anything unexpected happens." -Robert Baden-Powell
"We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them." -Khalil Gibran
"At first acoustics attributed to the different sounds only a limited number of characteristic features." -Roman Jakobson
"I believe that a politician needs to be with people." -Rahul Gandhi
"No, I believe in the good will of the United States' administration." -Bulent Ecevit
"I am certain of nothing but the holiness of the heart's affections, and the truth of imagination." -John Keats
"I think there's many a slaveholder'll get to Heaven. They don't know better. They acts up to the light they have." -Harriet Tubman
"If I hadn't been President of the United States, I probably would have ended up a piano player in a bawdy house." -Harry S Truman
"The front of a cheque alone gives someone enough information to steal your identity." -Frank Abagnale
"The idea of investing in the positivity of employees is often low down on companies' priority lists." -Shawn Achor
"You begin saving the world by saving one man at a time; all else is grandiose romanticism or politics." -Charles Bukowski
"Of course, my own political beliefs inform the ideas I come up with." -Alison Jackson
"The public is wiser than the wisest critic." -George Bancroft
"Keep your ears open, your eyes open, grab everything you can, react, and learn!" -Victoria Abril
"Climate change is a terrible problem, and it absolutely needs to be solved. It deserves to be a huge priority." -Bill Gates
"Varieties of angels, like varieties of love, are many." -Aberjhani
"It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them." -Epictetus
"If the highest aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever." -Thomas Aquinas
"Ulysses, obviously. It was an elaborate prank, and our supposed intellectual elite continue to fall for it." -Orson Scott Card
"A different language is a different vision of life." -Federico Fellini
"O what is life, if we must hold it thus as wind-blown sparks hold momentary fire?" -Ada Cambridge
"My vocal style is called bel canto, which is an old Italian vocal style going back hundreds of years." -Sebastian Bach
"Everyone has different layers to who they are." -Carmen Electra
"I am fascinated in religion and theology and what people believe." -Sarah Wayne Callies
"Strength lies in differences, not in similarities." -Stephen Covey
"Greece is not an easy country to do business in." -Ali Babacan
"I wanted to acquire an education, work extremely hard and never deviate from my goal, to make it." -Taylor Caldwell
"I have a sneaking suspicion that if there were a way to make movies without actors, George Lucas would do it." -Mark Hamill
"Ordering a man to write a poem is like commanding a pregnant woman to give birth to a red-headed child." -Carl Sandburg
"No real-world human being brings to the U.S. presidency the range of attributes necessary for full success in the job." -James Fallows
"I feel like I'm nothing without wildlife. They are the stars. I feel awkward without them." -Bindi Irwin
"Beauty is merciless. You do not look at it, it looks at you and does not forgive." -Nikos Kazantzakis
"I'm the one in the band that said I'm not going on tour unless we do a record." -Eddie Van Halen
"I'm a schizophrenic mix of wannabe glamourpuss and absolute slob, and my style is very much magistrate-meets-barmaid." -Jenny Eclair
"Have no fear of perfection - you'll never reach it." -Salvador Dali
"No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted." -Aesop
"I only write music for myself, I don't try and appeal to anyone else." -Bryan Adams
"Think new thoughts. Grab life with both hands, take opportunities you have, & create the ones you need." -Debby Ryan
"I don't get many hecklers now but answering them is an art form in itself." -Paul Daniels
"Above all, John Galliano menswear is all about good design. And men have been short-changed by good design for too long." -John Galliano
"For a dude, I think I do cook. I'm a stay-at-home parent a lot of the time." -Mike D
"Most of us see Justice O'Connor as something of an icon, although we do not agree with all of her decisions." -Patricia Ireland
"I don't get recognised that much in the street." -Jack Davenport
"Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is Enlightenment." -Lao Tzu
"In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish." -Donald Trump
"Music is one of the important things for me in cinema." -Guillaume Canet
"I'm not geeky but I have my geeky, corky moments, and then I've got some aspects of cool in me, I guess." -Nick Cannon
"I feel like the same person, but I feel as if I need to work twice as much now." -Miguel Cabrera
"The tocsin you hear today is not an alarm but an alert: it sounds the charge against our enemies." -Georges Jacques Danton
"Once I looked into a mirror at my face I felt like it was completely convincing. I was Salieri." -F. Murray Abraham
"The essence of immorality is the tendency to make an exception of myself." -Jane Addams
"Politeness is the flower of humanity." -Joseph Joubert
"When it comes down to it, I'm kind of a nerdy actor." -Janina Gavankar
"I might literally fall over dead if I meet Oprah Winfrey. I'm kind of joking, but I'm not confident that wouldn't happen." -Uzo Aduba
"Do not let your hearts be troubled. Trust in God; trust also in me." -Jesus Christ
"I have a wonderful husband, and we have had a great life." -Natalie Babbitt
"God writes the Gospel not in the Bible alone, but also on trees, and in the flowers and clouds and stars." -Martin Luther
"Sometimes I would almost rather have people take away years of my life than take away a moment." -Pearl Bailey
"I think my attitude has always been to put food on the table." -James Garner
"Photography helps people to see." -Berenice Abbott
"A Scout smiles and whistles under all circumstances." -Robert Baden-Powell
"I certainly never saw myself as posh." -Laura Carmichael
"I'm no Leonardo DiCaprio." -Adam Baldwin
"A marriage without conflicts is almost as inconceivable as a nation without crises." -Andre Maurois
"Life has no limitations, except the ones you make." -Les Brown
"Hell hath no fury like a Democrat scorned." -Jeff Rich
"I am tired of being in an industry that doesn't appreciate me." -Luther Campbell
"I think there are a lot of myths about MS, and it may have affected my career." -Teri Garr
"But I look at failure as education. In that respect, I am so well-educated." -Kathy Ireland
"God lends a helping hand to the man who tries hard." -Aeschylus
"I mean Gorilla was really our first sort of goes at songwriting." -Neil Innes
"In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration." -Ansel Adams
"I'm very focused on 'Dexter' right now. I want to make it as good of a show as we can." -Michael C. Hall
"The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires." -William Arthur Ward
"I don't think that everybody in the planet should have a child. I've never had the desire I should have a kid." -Zaha Hadid
"Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under communism, it's just the opposite." -John Kenneth Galbraith
"Ideologies separate us. Dreams and anguish bring us together." -Eugene Ionesco
"Quality is never an accident. It is always the result of intelligent effort." -John Ruskin
"I started in radio, again accidentally. I wasn't looking for this kind of work at all." -Hector Elizondo
"The wisdom of the wise, and the experience of ages, may be preserved by quotation." -Isaac D'Israeli
"I'm an eccentric, silly, observational guy, but I'm not gonna frighten off social conservatives." -Jim Gaffigan
"We can learn something new anytime we believe we can." -Virginia Satir
"If literature isn't everything, it's not worth a single hour of someone's trouble." -Jean-Paul Sartre
"We soon found that the white men were growing rich very fast, and were greedy." -Chief Joseph
"I failed to make the chess team because of my height." -Woody Allen
"Well, the hardest thing to do, as we know from our own experience on 9/11 is protect everything all the time." -John Abizaid
"Your problems never cease. They just change." -Phil Jackson
"I have a pretty bad temper. But you have to really push me to see it. But everybody has their things." -Janet Jackson
"They who go Feel not the pain of parting; it is they Who stay behind that suffer." -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"We cannot put off living until we are ready." -Jose Ortega y Gasset
"So I say to you, Ask and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock, and the door will be opened for you." -Jesus Christ
"The soul should always stand ajar, ready to welcome the ecstatic experience." -Emily Dickinson
"I'm a liberal inside a liberal's body." -Ana Gasteyer
"A day without laughter is a day wasted." -Charlie Chaplin
"Each song is a lifetime, it begins and ends, and there's a journey taken within the songs." -Leif Garrett
"The world is divided into people who do things and people who get the credit." -Alfred A. Montapert
"Every year we close 300-400 stores anyway, just relocations." -Jim Cantalupo
"Never be so brief as to become obscure." -Hosea Ballou
"It is a fine seasoning for joy to think of those we love." -Moliere
"Preserving the 30-year prepayable fixed-rate mortgage - it's like the bedrock of the housing system - is critical." -Bill Ackman
"I listen and talk to God daily." -John Galliano
"It is a myth, not a mandate, a fable not a logic, and symbol rather than a reason by which men are moved." -Irwin Edman
"My path has not been determined. I shall have more experiences and pass many more milestones." -Agnetha Faltskog
"Imperialist aid is a noose of plunder and subjugation, aimed at robbing 10 and even 100 things for one thing that is given." -Kim Jong Il
"Success means your thoughts are worthy of everyone's consideration." -Julian Fellowes
"Experience teaches us that we do not always receive the blessings we ask for in prayer." -Mary Baker Eddy
"I think comedy comes more from a low sense of self-esteem, and I certainly have that." -Craig Ferguson
"Poverty is an anomaly to rich people; it is very difficult to make out why people who want dinner do not ring the bell." -Walter Bagehot
"Ninety percent of leadership is the ability to communicate something people want." -Dianne Feinstein
"Burt Reynolds once asked me out. I was in his room." -Phyllis Diller
"In the military, I learned that 'leadership' means raising your hand and volunteering for the tough, important assignments." -Tulsi Gabbard
"'I am' is reportedly the shortest sentence in the English language. Could it be that 'I do' is the longest sentence?" -George Carlin
"History is like a constantly changing tree." -David Irving
"Going to the Arctic was immense for me." -Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark
"Anybody can win - unless there happens to be a second entry." -George Ade
"At night I dream about going to where I played when I was still young." -Hawa Abdi
"I am building a fire, and everyday I train, I add more fuel. At just the right moment, I light the match." -Mia Hamm
"All hope abandon, ye who enter here!" -Dante Alighieri
"Back before I injured my hip, I thought going to the gym was for wimps." -Bo Jackson
"There is always an easy solution to every problem - neat, plausible, and wrong." -H. L. Mencken
"Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching." -Satchel Paige
"It's hard to say what I want my legacy to be when I'm long gone." -Aaliyah
"I love people where, at the end of the day, they'll pick up a paintbrush and paint clouds. They can physically make things." -Peter Capaldi
"Never let the other fellow set the agenda." -James Baker
"Doing stuff that I don't have to talk about because I'm not in a public company is fantastic." -Michael Eisner
"I've always had to work hard for what I've got and to stay where I was." -Jessica Capshaw
"I'm really obsessed with 'Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares.' I really don't know why." -Brett Dalton
"TV is chewing gum for the eyes." -Frank Lloyd Wright
"I've never seen a woman half as beautiful as Jennifer Love Hewitt." -Robert Iler
"While other girls swooned over The Beatles and the Rolling Stones, I worshipped Rudolf Nureyev and Isadora Duncan." -Celia Imrie
"I did a lot of musicals when I first started my career, so I can carry a tune well." -Josh Dallas
"Our daily decisions and habits have a huge impact upon both our levels of happiness and success." -Shawn Achor
"We all had a desire and appreciation for such a wide range of music." -Jim Capaldi
"I think all writing is done through memory." -Guillermo Cabrera Infante
"I mean, I feel like just a new person completely." -Jennifer Capriati
"If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude." -Maya Angelou
"I would make a horrible politician, because I wouldn't enjoy my work." -Billy Campbell
"I like pop, rock n' roll, big band, Broadway - I like all those elements." -Scott Bakula
"Most feature films are 35-40 shooting days." -Charles Dance
"The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears, the figure that she carries or the way she combs her hair." -Audrey Hepburn
"I had done some TV movies that were great experiences but, no, I wasn't looking to do a series." -Victor Garber
"I'm just like anyone. I cut and I bleed. And I embarass easily." -Michael Jackson
"I come from the world of improv; I love any show or any vehicle that gives me an opportunity to be in the moment." -Brad Garrett
"Art is a harmony parallel with nature." -Paul Cezanne
"The British constitution has always been puzzling and always will be." -Queen Elizabeth II
"Sometimes I like to vent." -Victoria Jackson
"Dreams will get you nowhere, a good kick in the pants will take you a long way." -Baltasar Gracian
"I get very involved in my characters. Sometimes I have a very hard time separating my characters from my life." -Alexia Fast
"Better keep yourself clean and bright; you are the window through which you must see the world." -George Bernard Shaw
"I think as any artist you always want to grow; you always want to get better." -Brad Garrett
"Being jealous of a beautiful woman is not going to make you more beautiful." -Zsa Zsa Gabor
"I don't find myself to be the kind of person who is easily swayed." -Olivia Munn
"Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration, motivation, and a pinch of creativity." -Bo Bennett
"If I'm offered a good case in Florida or a good case somewhere else, South Florida will win every time." -F. Lee Bailey
"Take your victories, whatever they may be, cherish them, use them, but don't settle for them." -Mia Hamm
"Rapine, avarice, expense, This is idolatry; and these we adore; Plain living and high thinking are no more." -William Wordsworth
"I have always been interested in politics. I was in the student union before, very active." -Abdullah Ahmad Badawi
"I always wanted to host a show, throw whipped-cream pies. Theater is not my cup of tea." -Doug Davidson
"Paris is a wonderful city. I can't say I belong to an especially anglophone community." -Marilyn Hacker
"The first virtue in a soldier is endurance of fatigue; courage is only the second virtue." -Napoleon Bonaparte
"I like when a girl knows what she looks like and dresses to accentuate those features." -Zac Efron
"Normal love isn't interesting. I assure you that it's incredibly boring." -Roman Polanski
"Every revolution evaporates and leaves behind only the slime of a new bureaucracy." -Franz Kafka
"I think that if you want to pass emotion, you have to write a letter. Emotions do not pass in SMS or in e-mail." -Alber Elbaz
"I'm my own person, and I want people to know me for who I am." -Chanel Iman
"When I was in Turks & Caicos, a bug jumped out of my room service menu. That kind of freaked me out." -Jacquelyn Jablonski
"I know the power obedience has of making things easy which seem impossible." -Saint Teresa of Avila
"Lost causes are the only ones worth fighting for." -Clarence Darrow
"Nobody gets justice. People only get good luck or bad luck." -Orson Welles
"The day of the great jazz improviser who doesn't know how to read music is over." -Maynard Ferguson
"They say marriages are made in Heaven. But so is thunder and lightning." -Clint Eastwood
"Let the great world spin for ever down the ringing grooves of change." -Alfred Lord Tennyson
"Thou hast created me not from necessity but from grace." -Solomon Ibn Gabirol
"Sometimes you do something, and you get screwed. Sometimes it's the things you don't do, and you get screwed." -Chuck Palahniuk
"All forms of human happiness contain within themselves the seeds of their own decomposition." -Theodore Dalrymple
"How happy is the blameless vestal's lot? The world forgetting, by the world forgot." -Alexander Pope
"Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth." -Benjamin Disraeli
"Tom Bosley may have passed, but through that part and that character, a part of him will live on forever." -Scott Baio
"Does anyone believe that Kofi Annan scares Bashar Assad?" -Elliott Abrams
"It is important to know who killed Jack Kennedy and why." -Jim Garrison
"Honesty and integrity are by far the most important assets of an entrepreneur." -Zig Ziglar
"Things change in different countries as people grow, and as generations change." -Shannon Elizabeth
"Brevity and conciseness are the parents of correction." -Hosea Ballou
"Even in a comedy, you have to make people feel. You have to put your hand inside their soul and twist out their heart." -Paul Haggis
"Fiction and poetry are my first loves, but the really beautiful lyrical essay can do so much that other forms cannot." -Chris Abani
"People always ask me, 'Were you funny as a child?' Well, no, I was an accountant." -Ellen DeGeneres
"Never have a companion that casts you in the shade." -Baltasar Gracian
"I've always loved the electric guitar: to hold it and work it and hear what it does is unreal." -David Lynch
"Love is energy of life." -Robert Browning
"I don't want to give the illusion that one day God came down and I was healed." -Cheryl James
"Like all dreamers, I mistook disenchantment for truth." -Jean-Paul Sartre
"Aerodynamically, the bumble bee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumble bee doesn't know it so it goes on flying anyway." -Mary Kay Ash
"In literature as in love, we are astonished at what is chosen by others." -Andre Maurois
"It's very hard to be a gentleman and a writer." -W. Somerset Maugham
"If you are in a spaceship that is traveling at the speed of light, and you turn on the headlights, does anything happen?" -Steven Wright
"If you think you might have secret information listening to me, you're lost." -Morton Feldman
"I should be writing a poem every morning but I'm not." -Tony D'Souza
"In Wales, singing and storytelling are party skills, not professions." -Rhys Ifans
"I come from a sports family and my husband is a rugby player." -Kirsty Gallacher
"Know yourself. Don't accept your dog's admiration as conclusive evidence that you are wonderful." -Ann Landers
"Feathers predate birds." -Robert T. Bakker
"It doesn't matter how much wisdom you have. If you don't have position, you have nothing. That's the tragedy of India." -Rahul Gandhi
"Good skin is the best foundation for your makeup." -Holland Roden
"Shouting at people keeps you alive, healthy, young, fresh." -Peter Capaldi
"Neither irony or sarcasm is argument." -Samuel Butler
"To hold a man down, you have to stay down with him." -Booker T. Washington
"To speak of morals in art is to speak of legislature in sex. Art is the sex of the imagination." -George Jean Nathan
"I was never Vice Chair of the Troops Out Movement." -Peter Hain
"Every right implies a responsibility; Every opportunity, an obligation, Every possession, a duty." -John D. Rockefeller
"Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
"Why should I apologize because God throws in crystal chandeliers, mahogany floors, and the best construction in the world?" -Jim Bakker
"Our country's founders cherished liberty, not democracy." -Ron Paul
"The home stands in contrast to all other capitalist institutions as the last stronghold of pre-capitalist isolation." -C. L. R. James
"We cannot embrace God's forgiveness if we are so busy clinging to past wounds and nursing old grudges." -T. D. Jakes
"I just want to live in peace and quiet." -Agnetha Faltskog
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." -C. S. Lewis
"I don't care what people think or say about me, I know who I am." -Jonathan Davis
"To learn something new, take the path that you took yesterday." -John Burroughs
"My men have sometimes failed to take a position, but to defend one, never!" -Stonewall Jackson
"Keeping it simple for the consumer is incredibly dire." -Bob Iger
"As an individual doing a podcast, you don't get even remotely rich. It's not something to do for money." -Jeff Garlin
"I really like doing portraits, but I like taking pictures of things that are natural, like scenery, too." -Georgia May Jagger
"The greatest happiness is to know the source of unhappiness." -Fyodor Dostoevsky
"When Clark Gable kissed me, they had to carry me off the set." -Carroll Baker
"I am the man who put the hair in hair metal." -Sebastian Bach
"Let the refining and improving of your own life keep you so busy that you have little time to criticize others." -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"Life Among the Savages is a disrespectful memoir of my children." -Shirley Jackson
"To reach something good it is very useful to have gone astray, and thus acquire experience." -Saint Teresa of Avila
"I don't think theatre has changed; it's society that has changed." -Lee Hall
"The United States is a nation of laws: badly written and randomly enforced." -Frank Zappa
"Kindness is in our power, even when fondness is not." -Samuel Johnson
"I don't like when a song goes from one mood to another unless it's going to be out of sight." -Britt Daniel
"If there's anything that is the center of my career both creatively and emotionally, it's the Olympics." -Dick Ebersol
"Wit doesn't make girls pretty." -Jeanne Calment
"I love intimacy, always, of performing." -Julio Iglesias
"There's a drive in me that won't allow me to do certain things that are easy." -Johnny Depp
"His ignorance is encyclopedic." -Abba Eban
"Gee, its lonesome in the outfield. It's hard to keep awake with nothing to do." -Babe Ruth
"And what is so rare as a day in June? Then, if ever, come perfect days." -James Russell Lowell
"Education begins the gentleman, but reading, good company and reflection must finish him." -John Locke
"A lot of teenagers have parents that are maybe a little too real with them." -Jennifer Damiano
"Because of their size, parents may be difficult to discipline properly." -P. J. O'Rourke
"I don't think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains." -Anne Frank
"Not he who has much is rich, but he who gives much." -Erich Fromm
"I could release myself into acting in a way that I was not released socially." -Jason Isaacs
"I never understood actors who could just wait around." -Scott Eastwood
"In order to conquer, what we need is to dare, still to dare, and always to dare." -Georges Jacques Danton
"The time for action is now. It's never too late to do something." -Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"It's much easier for me to be silly than it is to be serious on soap opera." -Doug Davidson
"To a father growing old nothing is dearer than a daughter." -Euripides
"I have one female fan. But she lives with me. I'm not aware of any others." -Jesse Eisenberg
"I'm stupid, I'm ugly, I'm dumb, I smell. Did I mention I'm stupid?" -Eminem
"If a man be gracious and courteous to strangers, it shows he is a citizen of the world." -Francis Bacon
"I am beginning to loathe & detest all that Hollywood represents." -Charles R. Jackson
"The sole equality on earth is death." -Philip James Bailey
"I'm not funny. What I am is brave." -Lucille Ball
"Fate leads him who follows it, and drags him who resist." -Plutarch
"A promise made is a debt unpaid." -Robert W. Service
"When I look back now, it must have been like Paris was at the time of Le Sacre du Printemps." -David Baker
"I have to be honest - I don't love guns." -Vanessa Ferlito
"The art of living is the art of knowing how to believe lies." -Cesare Pavese
"We are drawn to our television sets each April the way we are drawn to the scene of an accident." -Vincent Canby
"Passion is just something that comes naturally to me." -Tony Fernandes
"I've always been somebody who's acutely aware of my mortality." -Julianne Moore
"Let the fear of danger be a spur to prevent it; he that fears not, gives advantage to the danger." -Francis Quarles
"It might be a huge hit, it might not; but you learn something doing it." -Kenneth Edmonds
"If you listen to a language for 15 minutes, you know the rhythm and song." -Sid Caesar
"The best we can do, to paraphrase Pollan, is to eat whole foods, mostly plants, and not too much." -A. J. Jacobs
"'Goon Squad' took about three years to write and that's the short end. My second novel, 'Look at Me,' took six years." -Jennifer Egan
"I had done a lot of reading, relative for a kid, about World War Two, and I thought about Chamberlain a lot." -Douglas Feith
"I have fans all around the world." -Leslie Easterbrook
"Earn your success based on service to others, not at the expense of others." -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"The most terrifying words in the English language are: I'm from the government and I'm here to help." -Ronald Reagan
"I imagine I'll continue on doing it for many years to come." -Max Cannon
"One can find so many pains when the rain is falling." -John Steinbeck
"To be wholly devoted to some intellectual exercise is to have succeeded in life." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"Nothing is more fairly distributed than common sense: no one thinks he needs more of it than he already has." -Rene Descartes
"A person will sometimes devote all his life to the development of one part of his body - the wishbone." -Robert Frost
"Everyone at some point in their lives feels excluded and misunderstood." -Hugh Bonneville
"You cannot learn anything from success, you only learn from failure." -Jim Dale
"A little simplification would be the first step toward rational living, I think." -Eleanor Roosevelt
"I always felt people should live with animals." -Dick Dale
"Praise does wonders for our sense of hearing." -Arnold H. Glasow
"Dysfunctional families have sired a number of pretty good actors." -Gene Hackman
"The greatest deception men suffer is from their own opinions." -Leonardo da Vinci
"The plainer the dress, the greater luster does beauty appear." -E. F. L. Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax
"I only regret that I have but one life to lose for my country." -Nathan Hale
"I will thank God for the day and the moment I have." -Jim Valvano
"If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success." -James Cameron
"It is a quiet and peaceful place - and a fitting place for the remains of this greatest of sea tragedies to rest." -Robert Ballard
"Every parting gives a foretaste of death, every reunion a hint of the resurrection." -Arthur Schopenhauer
"I have seven children by six different mothers. Maybe success was too good to me." -Eazy-E
"There is nothing permanent except change." -Heraclitus
"Christmas is over and Business is Business." -Franklin Pierce Adams
"The media bring our wars home, but only rarely have they been able to do it in complete freedom." -Bruce Jackson
"I've got a fantasy-baseball team with my brother. But I have to admit, he does all the work." -David Einhorn
"Key metaphors help determine what and how we perceive and how we think about our perceptions." -M. H. Abrams
"Living is abnormal." -Eugene Ionesco
"You can't slow the game here. It's grass, it's always going to be fast." -Goran Ivanisevic
"Michael John's music is soul-stirring. It gets inside the deepest part of you; it's almost a chemical reaction." -Kate Baldwin
"At the end of the day if you want to entertain people, you've got to take your ego out of the equation." -Paul Feig
"Both of our wars in Iraq were, on American television, largely bloodless." -Bruce Jackson
"I'm a pacifist." -Joel Edgerton
"Force and mind are opposites; morality ends where a gun begins." -Ayn Rand
"If I start feeling down I'll gorge myself on pasta. That usually does the trick. It's the Italian blood in me." -Natalie Imbruglia
"Just think of the tragedy of teaching children not to doubt." -Clarence Darrow
"I'm still true to my Southern roots." -Randy Jackson
"I do a lot of CG stuff for fun." -Rick Baker
"The real spiritual progress of the aspirant is measured by the extent to which he achieves inner tranquility." -Swami Sivananda
"Education is indoctrination if you're white - subjugation if you're black." -James A. Baldwin
"United we stand, divided we fall." -Aesop
"How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world." -Anne Frank
"So I, for one, didn't feel alienated by what happened in 77." -Peter Hammill
"A man is the sum of his actions, of what he has done, of what he can do, Nothing else." -John Galsworthy
"I have not fully had the opportunity to evaluate the impact of cameras in the courtroom." -Lance Ito
"Have convictions. Be friendly. Stick to your beliefs as they stick to theirs. Work as hard as they do." -Eleanor Roosevelt
"Within the covers of the Bible are the answers for all the problems men face." -Ronald Reagan
"It's okay to be crazy, but don't be insane." -Sean Combs
"Sometimes I make myself laugh, but that's because I appreciate my sense of humor." -Regina Hall
"If God had wanted me otherwise, He would have created me otherwise." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed." -Napoleon Hill
"The time will come when it will disgust you to look in the mirror." -Rose Kennedy
"I like working with kid actors because they surprise you constantly. I mean, all actors do - but kids particularly." -Joe Dante
"Life is God's novel. Let him write it." -Isaac Bashevis Singer
"If you do not know the laws of right conduct, you cannot form your character." -Swami Sivananda
"We look into mirrors but we only see the effects of our times on us - not our effects on others." -Pearl Bailey
"Follow thy fair sun, unhappy shadow." -Thomas Campion
"It's a constant battle for everybody, but you need to be happy with yourself." -Gina Carano
"Where two take counsel there is no lack of plans." -Silius Italicus
"Give us the child for 8 years and it will be a Bolshevik forever." -Vladimir Lenin
"Rebellion is the only thing that keeps you alive!" -Marianne Faithfull
"I think tolerance and acceptance and love is something that feeds every community." -Lady Gaga
"This paper will no doubt be found interesting by those who take an interest in it." -John Dalton
"I believe that if you want to fight inequality you have to do it starting at infancy." -Michelle Bachelet
"Be careful what you pretend to be because you are what you pretend to be." -Kurt Vonnegut
"I think, by and large, the level of acting is mediocre. When I go to the theatre, I get so angry. I don't go." -Uta Hagen
"You people are telling me what you think I want to know. I want to know what is actually happening." -Creighton Abrams
"Grab the broom of anger and drive off the beast of fear." -Zora Neale Hurston
"I don't like being lied to, so I only lie about the stupid things. White lies, basically." -Enrique Iglesias
"I don't have a publicist, I don't go to events, I don't do magazines, and it's just not my life." -Diora Baird
"Things are never simple when it comes to the human heart." -Gillian Jacobs
"Monday is great if I can spend it in bed. I'm a man of simple pleasures, really." -Arthur Darvill
"I've had long hair, I've had short hair, and I've had in between hair... and its all good." -Morena Baccarin
"Tennis is more commercial these days." -Lindsay Davenport
"You can get fired from any job at any time." -Jorge Garcia
"Serbia will neither allow a revision of history, nor will it forget who are the main culprits in World War I." -Ivica Dacic
"The search for someone to blame is always successful." -Robert Half
"Guitar playing is both extremely easy for me and extremely difficult for me at the same time." -Kirk Hammett
"I think first impressions are important when you pick up a script." -Dennis Farina
"The language of friendship is not words but meanings." -Henry David Thoreau
"All lives have an equal value." -Melinda Gates
"God has been with me in my whole career." -Ronald Isley
"Water is the driving force of all nature." -Leonardo da Vinci
"I mean, my girls are very sweet; I'm very proud of all of of them." -Alan Jackson
"Growth comes out of a healthy competitive atmosphere, not trying to choose a particular path forward." -Edward Felten
"What I can do for my country, I am willing to do." -Christopher Gadsden
"I wore glasses my whole life, but then I got Lasik eyeball surgery, and I fixed that." -Ryan Eggold
"When rock & roll is done with that fervor, it's close to gospel." -Paul Stanley
"Don't try to 'fix' the child's boredom - rather, let the child find his or her inner resources." -Julia Cameron
"Success is a great deodorant." -Elizabeth Taylor
"Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities." -Voltaire
"It's a crazy world, stardom. I don't even think of myself as a star. I just like to go to work." -Taissa Farmiga
"You are responsible to each other because when you win a game of football, you only need eight players to perform well." -Alex Ferguson
"Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines." -Robert H. Schuller
"I'm quite dyslexic in school." -Georgia Jagger
"Slow thinkers are part of the game too. Some of these slow thinkers can hit a ball a long way." -Alvin Dark
"I just took the good and the bad from all of the coaches I've been around." -Charles Haley
"Getting even is one reason for writing." -William H. Gass
"To me, the greatest pleasure of writing is not what it's about, but the inner music that words make." -Truman Capote
"When I was about 15... I made my first attempt as a leading lady, and was, of course, a complete failure." -Maude Adams
"The way to make money is to buy when blood is running in the streets." -John D. Rockefeller
"Success and failure are equally disastrous." -Tennessee Williams
"Love is my religion - I could die for it." -John Keats
"Many sports, not just football, have kind of the macho meathead mentality where innovation is almost frowned upon." -Lawrence Jackson
"The emotion at the point of technical breakthrough is better than wine, women and song put together." -Richard Hamming
"The sea always offers up incredible stories of survivors' fortitude. Myths of a lot of countries have variations on that." -Colin Farrell
"I work out, but not like I should." -Troy Garity
"Being an old maid is like death by drowning, a really delightful sensation after you cease to struggle." -Edna Ferber
"The path of least resistance is the path of the loser." -H. G. Wells
"I am a firm believer in marriage. In the future I will be married." -Elisabetta Canalis
"Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same." -Emily Bronte
"But due to the present regulations the other drivers have better chances again. This brings back the tension." -Jacky Ickx
"Approach the game with no preset agendas and you'll probably come away surprised at your overall efforts." -Phil Jackson
"Everyone goes through adversity in life, but what matters is how you learn from it." -Lou Holtz
"Only the gentle are ever really strong." -James Dean
"If we can play like that every week we'll get some level of consistency." -Alex Ferguson
"The exercises of our meeting are to be simple and devoid of all ceremonial and formalism." -Felix Adler
"To give anything less than your best, is to sacrifice the gift." -Steve Prefontaine
"I like going everywhere. And I love starting new things." -Antonio Banderas
"If there are more and more environmental refugees, they are going to end up on your doorstep too." -Nina Fedoroff
"We can make life in the computer. Granted, it's limited, but we have learned what it takes in order to actually construct it." -Chris Adami
"My first year, people were interested in me because I was new. Then the press started to come." -Valentino Garavani
"I guess I work well with others I handle younger actors well." -Hector Elizondo
"But we also believe in taking risks, because that's how you move things along." -Melinda Gates
"The only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look respectable." -John Kenneth Galbraith
"It's a long, hard, difficult process to make it to a national championship." -Hale Irwin
"Often, in the real world, it's not the smart that get ahead but the bold." -Robert Kiyosaki
"To make agriculture sustainable, the grower has got to be able to make a profit." -Sam Farr
"I take one day at a time. I am not someone to define my goals." -Vidya Balan
"Words are all we have." -Samuel Beckett
"All lasting business is built on friendship." -Alfred A. Montapert
"You've got to get to the stage in life where going for it is more important than winning or losing." -Arthur Ashe
"I've worked in television all my life, but really I've always wanted to work in the movies." -E. L. James
"Being stubborn can be a good thing. Being stubborn can be a bad thing. It just depends on how you use it." -Willie Aames
"Learning too soon our limitations, we never learn our powers." -Mignon McLaughlin
"Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." -Winston Churchill
"You ought to dialogue first before you start throwing spears. And I think the U.N. provides an opportunity for dialogue." -Johnny Isakson
"The highest possible stage in moral culture is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts." -Charles Darwin
"You become a better writer by writing. You become a better travel writer by writing about travel." -Tim Cahill
"Women can build stability. We can make peace." -Hawa Abdi
"People are essentially red meat. They are." -Max Cannon
"I am not writing for scholars or fellow critics, but for people who like to read, to look at pictures, and to know things." -Guy Davenport
"The ocean is a mighty harmonist." -William Wordsworth
"Poverty was the greatest motivating factor in my life." -Jimmy Dean
"There's no such thing as identity: it's something we have to believe in to make life more tolerable." -Sebastian Faulks
"To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom." -Bertrand Russell
"Everything else you grow out of, but you never recover from childhood." -Beryl Bainbridge
"I ran away from St. Louis, and then I ran away from the United States, because of that terror of discrimination." -Josephine Baker
"God will not look you over for medals degrees or diplomas, but for scars." -Elbert Hubbard
"I'm more married to Sandy now than when we were married with the legal document. We're still married as parents." -Bobby Darin
"The beginnings and endings of all human undertakings are untidy." -John Galsworthy
"Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever." -Mahatma Gandhi
"Every book you pick up has its own lesson or lessons, and quite often the bad books have more to teach than the good ones." -Stephen King
"I was in Jungian analysis for 20 years, 1976-96." -Peter Eisenman
"Bleaching my hair for Two Moon Junction... my hair was fried and I looked like an idiot." -Sherilyn Fenn
"Show my head to the people, it is worth seeing." -Georges Jacques Danton
"It's sort of my job to feel good." -A. J. Jacobs
"The fewer the facts, the stronger the opinion." -Arnold H. Glasow
"People judge you by the way you play in the playoffs." -Jaromir Jagr
"It does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people's minds." -Samuel Adams
"If Judd Apatow called me, I'd do it without thinking about it. I think he does really fun movies." -Kimberly Elise
"Empathy is about finding echoes of another person in yourself." -Mohsin Hamid
"For the things of this world cannot be made known without a knowledge of mathematics." -Roger Bacon
"Your problem is to bridge the gap which exists between where you are now and the goal you intend to reach." -Earl Nightingale
"I will continue to pursue my music and live my life with my family." -Chris Daughtry
"The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity." -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"Human nature is potentially aggressive and destructive and potentially orderly and constructive." -Margaret Mead
"I keep my ideals, because in spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart." -Anne Frank
"I don't think of it at the moment, but the roles that interest me are those of young people." -Isabelle Adjani
"I was a really good student. I was nerdy and ambitious. I was involved with every large theater production at my school." -Sara Canning
"Mix one part Denzel Washington and two parts Eva Mendes and you have a nice hot cocktail." -Dean Cain
"The darkest places in hell are reserved for those who maintain their neutrality in times of moral crisis." -Dante Alighieri
"Like men, women have to be diligent and work hard." -Zaha Hadid
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." -Lao Tzu
"I posed nude to show my parents they couldn't dictate to me any more - that I control my life." -LaToya Jackson
"It is the part of a fool to say, I should not have thought." -Scipio Africanus
"Every actor-performer says this, and it sounds so irritating, but I'm not the most outgoing person." -Billy Eichner
"I like the notion of making stuff up or letting your imagination go away with you." -Stevie Jackson
"Ideally, people find mates with whom they can express both their masculine and feminine sides." -Scott Bakula
"The average man is more interested in a woman who is interested in him than he is in a woman with beautiful legs." -Marlene Dietrich
"I'm very rich - in friends. I'm too nice a fellow. I give most of my money away." -Wolfman Jack
"I've got to be by trees, otherwise I get claustrophobic." -Liam Gallagher
"To destroy is always the first step in any creation." -e. e. cummings
"And, believe me; they will do everything to cover this up." -Sibel Edmonds
"Tony knew me both as an athlete and as a person. He cared for me like a father." -Dennis Eckersley
"Everything is vain and tortures the spirit instead of calming and satisfying it." -Johann Georg Hamann
"The long term versus the short term argument is one used by losers." -Lord Acton
"I didn't serve on a committee that dealt with foreign policy." -Geraldine Ferraro
"The more I expect, the more unhappy I am going to be. The more I accept, the more serene I am." -Michael J. Fox
"Mr. Burns comes out and flips cigar ashes on his shoes, and makes up about 90 percent of what you hear." -Bobby Darin
"This above all; to thine own self be true." -William Shakespeare
"Love is the only gold." -Alfred Lord Tennyson
"Gossip is the art of saying nothing in a way that leaves practically nothing unsaid." -Walter Winchell
"It's much easier to work with an unknown." -Taylor Hackford
"I'd like to have longer hair, but mine just doesn't grow." -Sergio Garcia
"In the end, I think you really only get as far as you're allowed to get." -Gayle Gardner
"Why is it that when we talk to God we're said to be praying but when God talks to us we're schizophrenic?" -Lily Tomlin
"Don't be a blueprint. Be an original." -Roy Acuff
"No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear." -Edmund Burke
"Going from college to being on national TV almost fresh outta school, it happened really fast." -Terrence J
"I say there're no depressed words just depressed minds." -Bob Dylan
"Fools rush in where angels fear to tread." -Alexander Pope
"The first time I ever screamed at someone was in a scene, and I'd never screamed at someone in my life." -Neve Campbell
"We have to define and put into practice a better, more coherent and effective policy on income security." -Kim Campbell
"Acting is a humiliating job, from start to finish." -Claire Danes
"Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune." -Jim Rohn
"If everyone were clothed with integrity, if every heart were just, frank, kindly, the other virtues would be well-nigh useless." -Moliere
"From now until the end of time no one else will ever see life with my eyes, and I mean to make the best of my chance." -Christopher Morley
"You can only be stupid when you're young." -Peter Gallagher
"Formula One has been the backdrop of my life." -Tamara Ecclestone
"The Gospel is about grace and we all know that grace is about us receiving from God blessings that we don't deserve." -Tony Campolo
"To begin, begin." -William Wordsworth
"I'm a combination between extreme insecurity and extreme confidence." -Alexandra Daddario
"Liberalism is trust of the people tempered by prudence. Conservatism is distrust of the people tempered by fear." -William E. Gladstone
"I have always enjoyed drawing and painting but I don't always find the time to do much these days." -Kirsty Gallacher
"Great thoughts speak only to the thoughtful mind, but great actions speak to all mankind." -Theodore Roosevelt
"Being trendy is dangerous. I've never been trendy, which is why I've never really fallen out of favour." -David Bailey
"TO fear God, is one of the first and greatest Duties of his rational Creatures." -Charles Inglis
"I believe more in the scissors than I do in the pencil." -Truman Capote
"I'm not afraid of a rant, am I? I've got to that point where I've just become a woman; I think I've just grown." -Rebecca Ferguson
"Life is easy to chronicle, but bewildering to practice." -E. M. Forster
"Don't let your ego get too close to your position, so that if your position gets shot down, your ego doesn't go with it." -Colin Powell
"The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen." -Frank Lloyd Wright
"I don't know why you use a fancy French word like detente when there's a good English phrase for it - cold war." -Golda Meir
"You can't help getting older, but you don't have to get old." -George Burns
"I am a marvelous housekeeper. Every time I leave a man I keep his house." -Zsa Zsa Gabor
"If you have four years to complete your college education, do it." -Bo Jackson
"If you have an opportunity to use your voice you should use it." -Samuel L. Jackson
"Two things awe me most, the starry sky above me and the moral law within me." -Immanuel Kant
"To get promoted, company executives need to be able to see you as one of them." -Dale Dauten
"A great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do." -Walter Bagehot
"Breathe. Let go. And remind yourself that this very moment is the only one you know you have for sure." -Oprah Winfrey
"In retrospect I realize that the threat was about ego rather than the validity of the music." -David Baker
"There is no class so pitiably wretched as that which possesses money and nothing else." -Andrew Carnegie
"The best rock musicians are the most exciting people in the world." -James Daly
"Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go its pretty damn good." -Woody Allen
"You're entering dangerous land when you start theorising about comedy." -Adrian Edmondson
"I've had people come up to me in the past and say they enjoyed whatever show I've been in." -Hugh Bonneville
"We take art, and I love all that. But I also like science for some reason. I just like finding out why things happen." -Elle Fanning
"Every man has a property in his own person. This nobody has a right to, but himself." -John Locke
"The only really happy folk are married women and single men." -H. L. Mencken
"I wanted to be a martial arts film star when I was a teenager." -Chris Daughtry
"I think that rather than condemning Islam, Islam needs to be studied by those who are sincere." -Louis Farrakhan
"So many women just don't know how great they really are. They come to us all vogue outside and vague on the inside." -Mary Kay Ash
"Horror is beyond the reach of psychology." -Theodor Adorno
"Fame is only good for one thing - they will cash your check in a small town." -Truman Capote
"I've got all the money I'll ever need, if I die by four o'clock." -Henny Youngman
"Wanting to do it was much more powerful than the fright." -Charlotte Gainsbourg
"The goal of life is to make your heartbeat match the beat of the universe, to match your nature with Nature." -Joseph Campbell
"It is not God's will merely that we should be happy, but that we should make ourselves happy." -Immanuel Kant
"Light is something that can really change your perception of space." -Alexandre de Betak
"A totally healthy actor is a paradox." -Vittorio Gassman
"I'm not one of those pop guys. That's for wimps like Vanilla Ice." -Heavy D
"I may be as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best." -Walt Whitman
"My professional life has been about public service. My personal life I define very intently through my family." -Bill de Blasio
"If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one." -Dolly Parton
"Writers divide into those who write biting their nails and those who don't. Some writers write licking their finger." -Italo Calvino
"People say I'm such a pessimist, but I always was. It never stopped me from doing what I had to do. I would say I'm a realist." -Joan Baez
"Every day I look forward to getting with my instruments, trying new things." -Lionel Hampton
"We should not moor a ship with one anchor, or our life with one hope." -Epictetus
"Never mistake motion for action." -Ernest Hemingway
"I've dabbled in several different religions." -Jerry Hall
"A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool." -William Shakespeare
"The hand check has always been a part of pro basketball." -Stu Jackson
"Life is what happens when you're doing other things, right?" -Abel Ferrara
"But I dare not think too far into the future on the risk that I'll miss the present." -Colin Farrell
"We now consider as fundamental economic functions of the state, many duties that were left a generation ago to chance." -Arthur Capper
"I never leaked information to Woodward and Bernstein or anyone else!" -W. Mark Felt
"I took a route of acting, rather than starmaking, so it cost me a lot financially." -Vincent D'Onofrio
"They said pret-a-porter will kill your name, and it saved me." -Pierre Cardin
"Nobody ever drowned in his own sweat." -Ann Landers
"How strange when an illusion dies. It's as though you've lost a child." -Judy Garland
"I've never worked with the Java community." -Miguel de Icaza
"If Nord Stream was built in Europe, I see no reason why South Stream cannot be built as well." -Ivica Dacic
"The talent is always there and art is cyclical. I'm optimistic." -Hal David
"You come home, and you party. But after that, you get a hangover. Everything about that is negative." -Mike Tyson
"I have seven apartments in the house to keep in a state fit to be inspected everyday by Gentlemen." -Grace Darling
"Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire." -William Butler Yeats
"Psychoanalytic investigation has shown that in mental patients excessive affection often turns to violent hostility." -Karl Abraham
"Our sense of fairness tells us that people should pay for the wrong they do." -Lewis B. Smedes
"Mr. Faulkner, of course, is interested in making your mind rather than your flesh creep." -Clifton Fadiman
"The happy people are failures because they are on such good terms with themselves they don't give a damn." -Agatha Christie
"Don't ever take a shower with a woman, because you'll probably end up proposing to her." -Scott Baio
"The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place." -George Bernard Shaw
"I just keep active - everything that's challenging me, everything that I feel like doing." -Gal Gadot
"Democracy is a pathetic belief in the collective wisdom of individual ignorance." -H. L. Mencken
"Sponges grow in the ocean. That just kills me. I wonder how much deeper the ocean would be if that didn't happen." -Steven Wright
"One can understand a person by the way he removes his wallet and puts his hand to take out money." -Boman Irani
"A human being: an ingenious assembly of portable plumbing." -Christopher Morley
"Men do communicate, often very directly, but women sometimes cannot accept how simple what we have to say is." -Chris Abani
"It's the scale that Yahoo brings - and that user base - that I really want to build products for." -Nick D'Aloisio
"Pray, and let God worry." -Martin Luther
"Professionalism in medicine has given us medial miracles for the affluent but hospitals that will charge $35 for aspirin." -Bill James
"There are few hours in life more agreeable than the hour dedicated to the ceremony known as afternoon tea." -Henry James
"As a combat veteran, I know the cost of war." -Tulsi Gabbard
"When terrorism strikes, divisive anger is a natural response." -Mohsin Hamid
"Most human beings have an almost infinite capacity for taking things for granted." -Aldous Huxley
"Waiting is a period of learning. The longer we wait, the more we hear about him for whom we are waiting." -Henri Nouwen
"I'm out of bed before the alarm goes off." -Eric Dane
"Certainly the O.J. Simpson case was a turning point in my career." -Dan Abrams
"There was no way I could live in Hollywood and not become an actress." -Eva Gabor
"Big girls need big diamonds." -Elizabeth Taylor
"It's great to get out of the study and work with real living and breathing people." -Christopher Hampton
"Hell, if I'd jumped on all the dames I'm supposed to have jumped on, I'd have had no time to go fishing." -Clark Gable
"In my community, women are as important as males, and they are playing an equal role in the society." -Samina Baig
"If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success." -John D. Rockefeller
"You don't build a new power plant in the United States overnight. It takes years to build." -John Abizaid
"We are a model country where gender equality is concerned." -Tarja Halonen
"I like doing stuff with my friends." -Jeremy Irvine
"Bad taste creates many more millionaires than good taste." -Charles Bukowski
"When the show is over we still have to pay our rent, we have to buy food. We have to do all the same things that you do." -Jamie Farr
"You know, technology CEOs like to think of themselves as rock 'n roll stars." -James Daly
"I believe in order to make a friend, you have to be a friend." -Weili Dai
"You can't act for the editing. You just go in and do the scene the way you think is right." -Dennis Farina
"I don't have nothing to regret at all in the past, except that I might've unintentionally hurt somebody else or something." -Jimi Hendrix
"Every perfect traveler always creates the country where he travels." -Nikos Kazantzakis
"Your battles inspired me - not the obvious material battles but those that were fought and won behind your forehead." -James Joyce
"Canadians want to see real hope restored, not false hopes raised." -Kim Campbell
"Every time I fumble or drop a ball I am embarrassed." -Dante Hall
"I have no problem paying my dues and I have no problem going out and working the club circuit." -Leif Garrett
"All gods are homemade, and it is we who pull their strings, and so, give them the power to pull ours." -Aldous Huxley
"Smile, for everyone lacks self-confidence and more than any other one thing a smile reassures them." -Andre Maurois
"You can't master time, but you have to work your hardest to manage it." -Chuck D
"I have done all of the genres, and the dramatic role is my favorite." -Jeff Daniels
"I live in a crazy time." -Anne Frank
"I'd always listened to my parents' Bee Gees albums." -Britt Daniel
"I think our leadership team is a highly accountable leadership team." -Steve Ballmer
"Sex is a part of nature. I go along with nature." -Marilyn Monroe
"Being a part-time pop star was perfect, really, when I wasn't worn out by the partying." -Phil Daniels
"But the lover's power is the poet's power. He can make love from all the common strings with which this world is strung." -Amelia Barr
"It took me four years to paint like Raphael, but a lifetime to paint like a child." -Pablo Picasso
"I don't have any style." -Guillermo Cabrera Infante
"Love of country is like love of woman - he loves her best who seeks to bestow on her the highest good." -Felix Adler
"I don't think people realize how much work it takes to make an album." -Bella Thorne
"Tennis is what I do and is part of who I am." -Jennifer Capriati
"I mean in recent years, I think you've only got to sell thirty or forty thousand to get a #1." -Neil Innes
"The English never smash in a face. They merely refrain from asking it to dinner." -Margaret Halsey
"When I was a little boy, they called me a liar, but now that I am grown up, they call me a writer." -Isaac Bashevis Singer
"Not every man remembers the name of the cow which supplied him with each drop of milk he has drunk." -Shmuel Yosef Agnon
"The Scoutmaster teaches boys to play the game by doing so himself." -Robert Baden-Powell
"I definitely don't want to be one of those athletes who turns into a cheesy actress." -Gina Carano
"That best portion of a man's life, his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love." -William Wordsworth
"The more anger towards the past you carry in your heart, the less capable you are of loving in the present." -Barbara de Angelis
"There isn't any way for the people of Nicaragua to find out what's going on in Nicaragua." -Elliott Abrams
"There were symptoms that I saw, and though I went to many doctors and had many tests, no one diagnosed MS." -Teri Garr
"Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time." -George Bernard Shaw
"I believe you need scientific proof that something works before you entrust your health to it." -Britt Ekland
"If you work with Jim Carrey, you're working with the best." -Peter Farrelly
"If you set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing." -Margaret Thatcher
"Whoever controls the volume of money in any country is absolute master of all industry and commerce." -James A. Garfield
"I want to do a little bit of everything. I want to play a good, strong female character." -Shannon Elizabeth
"We are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it." -Dwight D. Eisenhower
"I think women should have insight as to how men think. Just like men should have insight into how women think." -Michael Ealy
"Philosophy: Unintelligible answers to insoluble problems." -Henry Adams
"We owe a lot to Thomas Edison - if it wasn't for him, we'd be watching television by candlelight." -Milton Berle
"Old age and the passage of time teach all things." -Sophocles
"The poor wish to be rich, the rich wish to be happy, the single wish to be married, and the married wish to be dead." -Ann Landers
"The easiest kind of relationship for me is with ten thousand people. The hardest is with one." -Joan Baez
"Mental events, it is said, are not passive happenings but the acts of a subject." -Hermann Ebbinghaus
"I love the Restoration. It's a bit like coming out of the John Major era into the optimism of Tony Blair." -Charles Dance
"If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world." -J. R. R. Tolkien
"I love mentoring young girls. I've always been like that." -Naomi Campbell
"To find fault is easy; to do better may be difficult." -Plutarch
"I just live and let live and live my life pretty much according to the Golden Rule. And it turns out well for me." -Dean Cain
"They call them terrorists, I call them freedom fighters." -Louis Farrakhan
"The dream doesn't lie in victimization or blame; it lies in hard work, determination and a good education." -Alphonso Jackson
"I'm just a true Irish boy at heart." -Colin Farrell
"God's gifts put man's best dreams to shame." -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
"One problem with relying on existing concepts is that it could stifle innovation, weakening the film sector over time." -Anita Elberse
"Barbara Eden is the most beautiful girl in the world." -Larry Hagman
"So we used to look for funny songs, and learn them and play them. And we used to play them in pubs." -Neil Innes
"I think that over the last few decades, we have seen better economic outcomes than in the past." -Martin Feldstein
"A genius is one who can do anything except make a living." -Joey Lauren Adams
"I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe." -Dalai Lama
"They that die by famine die by inches." -Matthew Henry
"I am very short-sighted, and if I don't like a situation I take my glasses off." -Jenny Eclair
"I used to like to dig myself a hole just to see how long it took to get out of it." -Buddy Hackett
"I went to school to study literature and writing, even though I didn't end up really doing that in the end." -Gaby Hoffmann
"I want to look at the whole package, but I definitely want to protect the middle-class taxpayer, first and foremost." -Kay Hagan
"In sleep, you are safe from the revolting mechanics of living and being a prey to outrageous fortune." -Taylor Caldwell
"It is wise to direct your anger towards problems - not people; to focus your energies on answers - not excuses." -William Arthur Ward
"I don't read books regularly, because I'm always writing them. I've written 30 books, thousands of pages." -Ferran Adria
"When people are confronted with something they've never seen before, they really don't know how to react." -Kirk Hammett
"In the face of an obstacle which is impossible to overcome, stubbornness is stupid." -Simone de Beauvoir
"I know I have the ability to do so much more than just stand in front of the camera the rest of my life." -Jennie Garth
"It is better to destroy one's own errors than those of others." -Democritus
"The best road to progress is freedom's road." -John F. Kennedy
"After 'Quantum Leap,' a lot of sci-fi things came my way, and I had to say, 'I can't do that right now.'" -Scott Bakula
"From where the sun now stands I will fight no more." -Chief Joseph
"Kindnesses are easily forgotten; but injuries! what worthy man does not keep those in mind?" -William Makepeace Thackeray
"I think confidence is the sexiest thing to have." -Jessie J
"I don't understand some people, using biblical terms to criticize me when this is just a game." -Johnny Damon
"When you love someone, you don't want them to suffer at all." -Charlotte Gainsbourg
"Mathematics is the most beautiful and most powerful creation of the human spirit." -Stefan Banach
"Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make." -Donald Trump
"God always strives together with those who strive." -Aeschylus
"Italians come to ruin most generally in three ways, women, gambling, and farming. My family chose the slowest one." -Pope John XXIII
"Even if you do learn to speak correct English, whom are you going to speak it to?" -Clarence Darrow
"The most overrated tool: a pasta maker. Why make it when you can buy it? It's a lot of work!" -Ina Garten
"The trouble with most of us is that we would rather be ruined by praise than saved by criticism." -Norman Vincent Peale
"I made mistakes in drama. I thought drama was when actors cried. But drama is when the audience cries." -Frank Capra
"I would not have a career without Facebook and Twitter. That's the truth." -Billy Eichner
"To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk." -Thomas A. Edison
"Never weather-beaten sail more willing bent to shore." -Thomas Campion
"Let no one who loves be unhappy, even love unreturned has its rainbow." -James M. Barrie
"To me, the smell of fresh-made coffee is one of the greatest inventions." -Hugh Jackman
"Forgive me my nonsense, as I also forgive the nonsense of those that think they talk sense." -Robert Frost
"If I'm free, it's because I'm always running." -Jimi Hendrix
"I'm dense when it comes to discouragement." -Lynn Abbey
"Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment." -Will Rogers
"Access is vital in lobbying. If you can't get in your door, you can't make your case." -Jack Abramoff
"I wish the Libertarian Party would get more play in the media but they don't." -Glenn Danzig
"Laziness may appear attractive, but work gives satisfaction." -Anne Frank
"Any fool can write a novel but it takes real genius to sell it." -J. G. Ballard
"Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination." -Voltaire
"Musicals and horror movies are my two favorite genres because they're about extremes." -Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa
"The greatest problem in the world today is intolerance. Everyone is so intolerant of each other." -Princess Diana
"It is requisite for the relaxation of the mind that we make use, from time to time, of playful deeds and jokes." -Thomas Aquinas
"If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams." -Les Brown
"I feel a little uncomfortable at being asked the sorts of questions that other Catholics in public life tend not to be asked." -Tony Abbott
"The stories that I like to tell and the movies I like are always grounded in the emotional arc of the characters." -Eric Balfour
"I like to dance, but it's not my weekend activity. I'm not a clubber." -Ewan McGregor
"In a mystery, the sleuth must be believably involved and emotionally invested in solving the crime." -Diane Mott Davidson
"I actually knew I was going to be perfect for Def Leppard, sorry I hate to say that but I knew it." -Vivian Campbell
"If you become a teacher, by your pupils you'll be taught." -Oscar Hammerstein II
"Neither comprehension nor learning can take place in an atmosphere of anxiety." -Rose Kennedy
"No drama, however great, is entirely independent of the stage on which it is given." -George Pierce Baker
"In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes." -Benjamin Franklin
"Love is the flower you've got to let grow." -John Lennon
"In Hollywood, an equitable divorce settlement means each party getting fifty percent of publicity." -Lauren Bacall
"Part of the healing process is sharing with other people who care." -Jerry Cantrell
"It's human nature to start taking things for granted again when danger isn't banging loudly on the door." -David Hackworth
"Long tresses down to the floor can be beautiful, if you have that, but learn to love what you have." -Anita Baker
"I would love to go to Hawaii and do 'Hawaii Five-0,' because who doesn't want to work in Hawaii?" -Joanna Garcia
"I like thinking big. If you're going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big." -Donald Trump
"The dropping of bombs on people - isn't that terrorism?" -Alice Walker
"Heroism is not only in the man, but in the occasion." -Calvin Coolidge
"It is good for us to keep some account of our prayers, that we may not unsay them in our practice." -Matthew Henry
"There can be no keener revelation of a society's soul than the way in which it treats its children." -Nelson Mandela
"Wanton killing of innocent civilians is terrorism, not a war against terrorism." -Noam Chomsky
"Northern Iraq has become, economically, a natural extension of Turkey." -Ali Babacan
"Men mourn for what they have lost; women for what they ain't got." -Josh Billings
"For the black man there is only one destiny. And it is white." -Frantz Fanon
"Wall Street is the only place that people ride to in a Rolls Royce to get advice from those who take the subway." -Warren Buffett
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." -John D. Rockefeller
"For me, 'Sam & Cat' is cool because it's got this buddy-comedy aspect that 'iCarly' or 'Victorious' didn't have." -Jennette McCurdy
"The freedom to convert is fundamental to freedom of religion." -Bob Inglis
"Beware the barrenness of a busy life." -Socrates
"I haven't gone sky diving yet and I want to do that, real bad. I love adrenaline and going fast." -Pauly D
"Originality is really important." -Jim Carrey
"I think that's good that I have to watch how I act and what I say. I think that's a part of growing up." -Sean Combs
"If my doctor told me I had only six minutes to live, I wouldn't brood. I'd type a little faster." -Isaac Asimov
"I grew up with all mothers, all women. I come from a long line of matriarchs, very strong women." -Erykah Badu
"I recorded the song live in front of an orchestra, and yes, I was very moved, I was in tears." -Burt Bacharach
"You'll never find a better sparring partner than adversity." -Golda Meir
"Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist. That's just copying what someone else did." -Sebastian Bach
"I've spent most of my mature life trying to prove that I'm not irresponsible." -Orson Welles
"A classic is a book that has never finished saying what it has to say." -Italo Calvino
"No, absolutely not, writing doesn't have to be like a jigsaw puzzle, it can be a very linear undertaking." -Guillermo Cabrera Infante
"If we mean to have heroes, statesmen and philosophers, we should have learned women." -Abigail Adams
"The best way to begin is to say: Balthus is a painter of whom nothing is known. And now let us have a look at his paintings." -Balthus
"Live your questions now, and perhaps even without knowing it, you will live along some distant day into your answers." -Rainer Maria Rilke
"Being raised Catholic myself, I think people who are Catholic tend to carry a lot of guilt. It's almost a joke." -Linda Cardellini
"You go out there and ask them what their future is today. If we don't build that today, there's nothing." -Richard M. Daley
"My job as the mother of daughters is to make sure my children see that every opportunity is available to them." -Elizabeth Edwards
"We travel, some of us forever, to seek other states, other lives, other souls." -Anais Nin
"Think before you speak is criticism's motto; speak before you think, creation's." -E. M. Forster
"There are no easy answers, but there are simple answers. We must have the courage to do what we know is morally right." -Ronald Reagan
"The roof might fall in; anything could happen." -Dashiell Hammett
"If you have to be in a soap opera try not to get the worst role." -Judy Garland
"We take a lot of care with lyrics because we don't want to offend anybody." -Bill Haley
"I always get bored with my hair. That's why I would always change it throughout my career." -Janet Jackson
"Electricity is really just organized lightning." -George Carlin
"Disco is just pop music you can dance to." -Sheena Easton
"I don't think God cares what you put in your body or on your body." -Tammy Faye Bakker
"Consciousness allows you the capacity to plan." -Gerald Edelman
"Inside every cynical person, there is a disappointed idealist." -George Carlin
"Lead, follow, or get out of the way." -Thomas Paine
"Human rights is a universal standard. It is a component of every religion and every civilization." -Shirin Ebadi
"A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil." -Victor Hugo
"Microsoft certainly makes products for the Macintosh." -Melinda Gates
"I love kids. I just love kids. They put you in a good mood and they are so full of life." -Carmen Electra
"Man up and add a tux to your wardrobe. Just find one you like and get it well-tailored to your own measurements." -Paul Feig
"Not only is women's work never done, the definition keeps changing." -Bill Copeland
"I am sick and tired of being sick and tired." -Fannie Lou Hamer
"Make the important interesting." -James Fallows
"If my tongue were trained to measures, I would sing a stirring song." -Paul Tillich
"There's something so grabbing about people who will do anything for one another." -Shanola Hampton
"Well, all life forms are dependent upon water." -Peter Agre
"We sail within a vast sphere, ever drifting in uncertainty, driven from end to end." -Blaise Pascal
"I don't sleep with happily married men." -Britt Ekland
"The Romans used every housing form known today and they have a remarkably modern look." -Stephen Gardiner
"I will never forget my humble beginnings as a Laker Girl. It was probably one of the most fun jobs I ever had." -Paula Abdul
"We worked very hard to make extensions very simple." -Mitchell Baker
"Always keep your composure. You can't score from the penalty box; and to win, you have to score." -Horace
"Up until about 12 years ago we never, ever, wore flak jacket or helmets but now the nastiness has got worse." -Kate Adie
"Every man has a sane spot somewhere." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"When you say 'comic book' in America, people think of Mickey Mouse, and Archie. It has a connotation of juvenile." -Mark Hamill
"Nature has no principles. She makes no distinction between good and evil." -Anatole France
"As an actor, you wouldn't be able to play a character if you were worried about the reaction to what you're doing." -Jessica Capshaw
"Real friends stab you in the front." -Jonathan Davis
"It's so easy in these cabaret venues to get earnest." -Ana Gasteyer
"I was a virgin. People find that hard to believe, but when you're raised in a church, that was just the way it is." -Jessica Hahn
"I didn't start jogging or running until I was 37 years old. It was something that really helped me change my life." -Anthony Edwards
"I don't really make decisions, I go with the flow." -Nicole Kidman
"Are there challenges? Absolutely. But in aggregate, this is a very strong and valuable company." -Bob Iger
"As long as I am mayor of this city the great industries are secure." -Frank Hague
"I belong to the Democratic Party." -Darrell Hammond
"Is solace anywhere more comforting than that in the arms of a sister." -Alice Walker
"At the end of the day, I think the more online educators there are, I think the better off the whole world is." -Anant Agarwal
"There is no way I'd have wanted to live in the Twenties. It was really crap for women." -Laura Carmichael
"The China game was the best because it took the effort of everyone on the team to survive 120 minutes." -Lorrie Fair
"Progress for black Americans depends on good schools because education is the last great equalizer." -Alphonso Jackson
"You have to go on and be crazy. Craziness is like heaven." -Jimi Hendrix
"If your movies don't perform, they just stop calling you." -Matt Damon
"Right is right, even if everyone is against it, and wrong is wrong, even if everyone is for it." -William Penn
"The second host that I had was an actress I didn't know named Susan St. James." -Dick Ebersol
"My Irish derivation has nothing to do with me. Why should it?" -Carroll O'Connor
"I'm really into acquiring film paraphernalia - that's my hobby. I love old movie posters, cameras and film reels." -Sarah Gadon
"Events often move faster than our ability to comprehend them." -Lee H. Hamilton
"We have cut the text, but what remains are Shakespeare's words." -Edward Hall
"A happy family is but an earlier heaven." -George Bernard Shaw
"A team sport is not very good for me, because I can't take losing." -Donovan Bailey
"Even in moments of tranquility, Murray Walker sounds like a man whose trousers are on fire." -Clive James
"I get to shift multiple markets. I get to shift economies. It's extremely liberating. I breathe differently." -Shai Agassi
"I spend around three hours on the track and two hours in the weight room, five or six days a week." -Allyson Felix
"I love Michael Kors! I also love Miu Miu shoes - they're fabulous, I have so many pairs." -Bella Thorne
"But little white lies here and there is human nature. Everybody does that." -Lucy Hale
"I'm in so many Charles Bronson films because no other actress will work with him." -Jill Ireland
"If I'm in a situation where someone doesn't recognize me and treats me like everyone else, I'm not used to it." -Kevin Bacon
"Every man has the right to life, to bodily integrity." -Pope John XXIII
"An armed society is a polite society. Manners are good when one may have to back up his acts with his life." -Robert A. Heinlein
"Oh, I talk about things; I drive my husband insane. And I can't tell a lie. Everyone knows. I do this smile thing." -Cecelia Ahern
"I don't think that anybody should be ruling in or ruling out anything while we are conducting diplomacy." -Douglas Feith
"It is even harder for the average ape to believe that he has descended from man." -H. L. Mencken
"Historians are like deaf people who go on answering questions that no one has asked them." -Leo Tolstoy
"The slaves had food stamps, too. It was called 'scraps from Massa's table.'" -Niger Innis
"Ideas not coupled with action never become bigger than the brain cells they occupied." -Arnold H. Glasow
"We as Democrats have no apologies to make to anyone." -Richard J. Daley
"Zealots often carry the day." -Bobby Ray Inman
"In California, they don't throw their garbage away - they make it into TV shows." -Woody Allen
"Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat." -F. Scott Fitzgerald
"I've led a charmed life. I've known people who have been depressed, and I've never had that." -Earl Hamner, Jr.
"Just performing is where I'm happiest, and gets me rid of my troubles and worries." -Tito Jackson
"Being a mother is quite tiring. There's not much time to do anything. You just rush around and it's hard work." -Kirsty Gallacher
"To be a celebrity, I couldn't think of anything more cringe-worthy." -Bryan Adams
"Whether you're earning $7 an hour or $700,000 a year, it's very important to protect your credit rating." -Frank Abagnale
"Elizabeth Taylor has more chins than the Chinese telephone directory." -Joan Rivers
"Land degradation did not start with chemical agriculture. But chemical agriculture offered new tools for annihilation." -Joel Salatin
"I guess when you turn off the main road, you have to be prepared to see some funny houses." -Stephen King
"In my spare time I like watching TV, laying on the couch, just chillin'." -Casey Abrams
"The focus of subjectivity is a distorting mirror." -Hans-Georg Gadamer
"Africa for the Africans... at home and abroad!" -Marcus Garvey
"I love seeing people having fun. Everyone over in L.A. is too cool for it. That's the problem." -Lukas Haas
"I've been dancing for 10 years." -Lindsay Ellingson
"Truth is so obscure in these times, and falsehood so established, that, unless we love the truth, we cannot know it." -Blaise Pascal
"I've been getting into drinking smoothies in the morning - I like those a lot." -Gillian Jacobs
"Laughing makes everything easier." -Carmen Electra
"Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose." -Lyndon B. Johnson
"I, most talented players don't always succeed. Some don't even make the team. It's more what's inside." -Brett Favre
"If you are not too large for the place you occupy, you are too small for it." -James A. Garfield
"Yeah, I do like scary movies, especially the ones that don't take themselves too seriously." -Anna Faris
"The Export-Import Bank is one of the most important tools America has to create jobs." -Maria Cantwell
"I feel a bit awkward playing in a red shirt out at Wimbledon. But I don't dislike it." -Roger Federer
"So the bandwidth issue is definitely a big concern of ours." -Shawn Fanning
"I'm so far removed from live playing any more." -Jan Hammer
"Good thing we've still got politics in Texas - finest form of free entertainment ever invented." -Molly Ivins
"Thinking of disease constantly will intensify it. Feel always 'I am healthily in body and mind'." -Swami Sivananda
"Young people should be helped, sheltered, ignored, and clubbed if necessary." -Al Capp
"I'm not an extravagant man. The fact that I can have a coffee out whenever I want still makes me feel grateful." -Peter Capaldi
"Ideas are like rabbits. You get a couple and learn how to handle them, and pretty soon you have a dozen." -John Steinbeck
"I love action-adventure-type films - mythical adventures like 'Lord of the Rings' or superhero films like 'Batman.'" -Zac Efron
"Hopefully, I can cross over into Hollywood, and hopefully that will bring me a bigger name in China." -Godfrey Gao
"The fast fish, not the big fish, eats the small fish." -Ali Babacan
"Hatred is gained as much by good works as by evil." -Niccolo Machiavelli
"I'm happy with what I've done but it's a challenge to try to win more." -Jennifer Capriati
"But, you know, I just want to play well and have fun playing well." -Jennifer Capriati
"The chain of wedlock is so heavy that it takes two to carry it - and sometimes three." -Heraclitus
"I don't know if they were all functioning, but I did play in a bunch of bands." -Oscar Isaac
"A typical Christmas is me shucking oysters. I love them and I always get them in at Christmas." -Hugh Bonneville
"Animals mean everything to me. We have to be their voice and protectors." -Shannon Elizabeth
"I didn't get to the Senate by accident." -John Edwards
"I'm not a driven businessman, but a driven artist. I never think about money. Beautiful things make money." -Lord Acton
"I'm not concerned about weapons of mass destruction." -Douglas Feith
"Don't pity me now, don't pity me never; I'm going to do nothing for ever and ever." -James Agate
"I guess I strike people as very serious, or very intense." -Deidre Hall
"I felt alienated at school, and I never did well with girls." -Burt Bacharach
"We have a Father, and He cares about our internal world - issues of motive, issues of fear, issues of validation." -John Eldredge
"You apply the skills you use to produce your own book to make an anthology. Shaping. Rhythm." -Robyn Davidson
"The truth is, sex doesn't mean that much to me now." -Lana Turner
"I support stem cell research, including embryonic stem cell research." -Bob Ehrlich
"I think they are looking for publicity and they are looking for a name for themselves." -David Baltimore
"If you're going to have to beg them to play, it's not going to work." -Chuck Daly
"A man without ethics is a wild beast loosed upon this world." -Albert Camus
"Clothes mean nothing until someone lives in them." -Marc Jacobs
"You mustn't underestimate an audience's intelligence." -Marvin Hamlisch
"I find it hard to relax. I live in New York." -James Gandolfini
"I think I'm too much of a control freak." -Kathy Ireland
"It is not the voice that commands the story; it is the ear." -Italo Calvino
"His finest hour lasted a minute and a half." -Phyllis Diller
"Progress is what happens when impossibility yields to necessity." -Arnold H. Glasow
"I believe in rules of behavior, and I'm quite interested in stories about the consequences of breaking those rules." -John Irving
"Humility is not cowardice. Meekness is not weakness. Humility and meekness are indeed spiritual powers." -Swami Sivananda
"True silence is the rest of the mind, and is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment." -William Penn
"I don't take modern hip-hop as real. It's entertaining, it's fake, like James Bond." -Emmanuel Jal
"The economics profession advances by one confusing financial disaster at a time." -Adam Davidson
"The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance." -Alan Watts
"I was bringing my attitude as a regular person 'cause this is my attitude." -Glenn Danzig
"Nearly everything I do is part of a master plan to make me the most important entertainer in the world." -Bobby Darin
"I eat junk food, cheesecake, cheese, pizza - but just lower amounts of it." -JWoww
"Indecision and delays are the parents of failure." -George Canning
"In order for the light to shine so brightly, the darkness must be present." -Francis Bacon
"A man in love is incomplete until he has married. Then he's finished." -Zsa Zsa Gabor
"We are put on this earth to have a good time. This makes other people feel good. And the cycle continues." -Wolfman Jack
"I do a lot of vocal hygiene." -Lesley Garrett
"Everything you do, every experience that you have, enlightens you a little bit or worsens you." -Paul Dano
"I discovered that my imagination came alive when I moved away from the immediate world around me." -Kazuo Ishiguro
"The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up." -Mark Twain
"Not lost, but gone before." -Matthew Henry
"Immortality. We all want to be remembered: We want to do things that will make people say, 'Isn't he wonderful?'" -Lajos Egri
"No matter how far a person can go the horizon is still way beyond you." -Zora Neale Hurston
"For me, having the opportunity to go to college was very important. To miss out on an education is a loss." -Tyler Hamilton
"Applause felt like approval, and it became a drug that soothed the pain, but only temporarily." -Anita Baker
"It's not 100 per cent clear to me what's working about Snapchat." -Brian Acton
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." -Confucius
"To become a star is the beginning of the end. I don't really want to be saddled with a screen persona." -Beverly D'Angelo
"Apparently there is nothing that cannot happen today." -Mark Twain
"When I was a baby, my mother tells me I never slept because I never wanted to miss anything." -Scott Baio
"I don't care what stage or what reason, as long as we're playing." -Billy Idol
"A woman seldom asks advice before she has bought her wedding clothes." -Joseph Addison
"A good jolly is worth what you pay for it." -George Ade
"I'm a very private person." -Kirsty Gallacher
"The play is not in the words, it's in you!" -Stella Adler
"The more sincere I could be, the better it would be for the film." -Charlotte Gainsbourg
"Dubai must crack down on rampant smuggling, and the U.A.E. federal government has significantly stepped up pressure." -Elliott Abrams
"Oregon is the only state in the union that facilitates suicide." -Maggie Gallagher
"We film in front of a live audience, and I was a theater actor before I got into television, so I like that." -Jillian Bach
"I focus on the individual and not seeing this great big monster, 'the press.'" -Marianne Faithfull
"I was putting myself under enormous pressure to be successful." -Kenny Dalglish
"You have all the reason in the world to achieve your grandest dreams. Imagination plus innovation equals realization." -Denis Waitley
"Form follows function - that has been misunderstood. Form and function should be one, joined in a spiritual union." -Frank Lloyd Wright
"By nature, I'm very care-taking. There's something really beautiful about cooking for someone and feeding them." -Eric Balfour
"Psychology more than any other science has had its pseudo-scientific no less than its scientific period." -James Mark Baldwin
"Baseball was, is and always will be to me the best game in the world." -Babe Ruth
"Sitting at home the way I do, I'd just love the hear from people. It'd be a great help in passing the time." -Bud Abbott
"I was born in Sweden, and in Sweden we are known for the piracy services." -Daniel Ek
"I look Asian. I need to go to Japan." -Javier Camara
"Lists are anti-democratic, discriminatory, elitist, and sometimes the print is too small." -David Ives
"I actually washed my window once, and it fell through - it was being held together by the dirt." -Edie Falco
"How hard it is to have the beautiful interdependence of marriage and yet be strong in oneself alone." -Anne Morrow Lindbergh
"I am forever grateful for 'Cheers.'" -Ted Danson
"I'm drawn to the psychology of really interesting, flawed people." -Nicole Kidman
"I freed a thousand slaves I could have freed a thousand more if only they knew they were slaves." -Harriet Tubman
"Faith is reason grown courageous." -Sherwood Eddy
"Your duty is to treat everybody with love as a manifestation of the Lord." -Swami Sivananda
"The wildest colts make the best horses." -Plutarch
"Be curious, not judgmental." -Walt Whitman
"Computers make it easier to do a lot of things, but most of the things they make it easier to do don't need to be done." -Andy Rooney
"I have always believed governments must adapt to the needs of the people, not the other way around." -Kim Campbell
"Dare to wear the foolish clown face." -Frank Sinatra
"I'm your full blown charismatic evangelical freak daddy." -Stephen Baldwin
"I like the opportunity to travel the world and work in close company with other people." -Marc Garneau
"Seeing much, suffering much, and studying much, are the three pillars of learning." -Benjamin Disraeli
"A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials." -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"Anybody who is a fan of any team is going to recognize themselves in this." -Peter Farrelly
"Next to doing the right thing, the most important thing is to let people know you are doing the right thing." -John D. Rockefeller
"We talk about cancer as a noun, as if it's a one time event: 'I've got cancer.'" -David Agus
"Let's face it, a nice creamy chocolate cake does a lot for a lot of people; it does for me." -Audrey Hepburn
"I never said most of the things I said." -Yogi Berra
"I love hotels for their solitude and comfort, but I believe a seedy one can have as much promise as a plush one." -Freema Agyeman
"It must be terribly lonely to be a king instead of a man." -Oriana Fallaci
"I think vampires are a timeless powerful archetype that can tap into people's psyches." -Alan Ball
"Once the mass of the defending infantry become possessed of low moral, the battle is as good as lost." -Douglas Haig
"And generally the shows I'm in fail really big." -Megan Gallagher
"My forte is awkwardness." -Zach Galifianakis
"One of the biggest things you have is your reputation and your reputation with knowing what's good and what's not good." -Paul Feig
"Nothing good ever comes of violence." -Martin Luther
"I don't think they're going to pay me to play Mufasa." -Keith David
"Caring for our children and making sure they do not get addicted to drugs is all of our responsibility." -Joe Baca
"I'm a pretty private person, so I'd like to say I'm a good ear and that I keep my mouth shut." -James Badge Dale
"It doesn't matter how new an idea is: what matters is how new it becomes." -Elias Canetti
"Faith is a continuation of reason." -William Adams
"I have assiduously avoided calling my books novels." -Guillermo Cabrera Infante
"When you love someone, and you've lost that one, then nothing really matters." -Agnetha Faltskog
"But the point you need to know is that no president at war cut taxes $1.5 trillion, like Bush did." -Chaka Fattah
"Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other." -John Adams
"The cleverest of all, in my opinion, is the man who calls himself a fool at least once a month." -Fyodor Dostoevsky
"It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages." -Friedrich Nietzsche
"Exile is more than a geographical concept. You can be an exile in your homeland, in your own house, in a room." -Mahmoud Darwish
"The good Lord put oil and gas there for us to find and use, and we'd better do it." -Red Adair
"The South is the home of 'an eye for an eye.' 'Turning the other cheek'? The South can't see that." -Greg Iles
"I've played all kinds of historical characters, but they are stuck in movies that aren't their movies." -Colm Feore
"I started on the downers which were a hell of a lot better than the uppers because I was a nervous wreck." -Corey Haim
"When we could split the screen, it was like 'Wow!'." -Sid Caesar
"I'd rather play jazz, I hate rock and roll." -Ginger Baker
"Behavior is what a man does, not what he thinks, feels, or believes." -Emily Dickinson
"Islam and democracy can function together." -Ali Babacan
"If one day I leave Arsenal, I will never sign for another English team. Quite sure." -Cesc Fabregas
"You learn to rise above a lot of bad things that happen in your life. And you have to keep going." -Lauren Bacall
"For governments at war, the media is an instrument of war or an element in war that is to be controlled." -Bruce Jackson
"Setting a good example for your children takes all the fun out of middle age." -William Feather
"There is no such thing as accident; it is fate misnamed." -Napoleon Bonaparte
"So we are pretty convinced we don't want to play huge stadiums unless we can play them well." -Jerry Garcia
"Those who aim at great deeds must also suffer greatly." -Plutarch
"I loved the first Christmas I had in England." -Blythe Danner
"I got to that desperate place where nobody could help me but God." -Cheryl James
"Getting through high school and college was one of my greatest achievements." -Ann Bancroft
"The wind at Candlestick tonight is blowing with great propensity." -Ron Fairly
"The earth is the mother of all people, and all people should have equal rights upon it." -Chief Joseph
"You cannot find peace by avoiding life." -Virginia Woolf
"When you have vision it affects your attitude. Your attitude is optimistic rather than pessimistic." -Charles R. Swindoll
"Nothing is work unless you'd rather be doing something else." -George Halas
"In Sweden, only exceptional actresses get major film parts." -Maud Adams
"An unfortunate thing about this world is that the good habits are much easier to give up than the bad ones." -W. Somerset Maugham
"The sun never sets on my gallery." -Larry Gagosian
"I think that in the end, a talk show is a very different animal." -Dan Abrams
"Democracy is finding proximate solutions to insoluble problems." -Reinhold Niebuhr
"I have a very poor record at multiple choice questions." -John Irving
"I like a lot of bass players. I like a lot of tuba players too." -Rick Danko
"Kids are more drawn to animal characters than human." -Brian Jacques
"It's more than a job. It's very personal, so when you're hurt, you're really hurt inside." -Charlotte Gainsbourg
"Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding." -Khalil Gibran
"Give me the ready hand rather than the ready tongue." -Cesare Pavese
"Great is the guilt of an unnecessary war." -John Adams
"As you get older you have more respect and empathy for your parents. Now I have a great relationship with both of them." -Hugh Jackman
"Puns are a form of humor with words." -Guillermo Cabrera Infante
"I defy any woman that doesn't feel more elegant and more groomed and ready for an evening than if you have a blow dry." -Tamsin Egerton
"Most writers can write, most rock 'n rollers cannot." -Andrew Eldritch
"Violence is man re-creating himself." -Frantz Fanon
"I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.'" -Muhammad Ali
"The return is one of the hardest shots to make when you come back from injury." -Lindsay Davenport
"Every 10 years, I know less about love and relationships. The smarter I get, the less I know." -Paul Haggis
"The fact is I don't drive just to get from A to B. I enjoy feeling the car's reactions, becoming part of it." -Enzo Ferrari
"I've studied psychology. I'm fascinated by the human mind, and I love people." -Berglind Icey
"When I die Dublin will be written in my heart." -James Joyce
"The mother art is architecture. Without an architecture of our own we have no soul of our own civilization." -Frank Lloyd Wright
"I'd rather have 1000 of our fans than 10,000 Kid Rock fans!" -Jason Isbell
"The sufficiency of merit is to know that my merit is not sufficient." -Francis Quarles
"The wing of the Falcon brings to the king, the wing if the crow brings him to the cemetery." -Muhammad Iqbal
"I was the shyest human ever invented, but I had a lion inside me that wouldn't shut up!" -Ingrid Bergman
"Courage is action, not talk." -Jeff Rich
"We didn't have any segregation at the Cotton Club. No. The Cotton Club was wide open, it was free." -Cab Calloway
"Crime cases tend to be fascinating until you figure out what happened." -Bill James
"I could produce spurts of speed and after taking up athletics I found myself running quite quickly over 400m." -Michael East
"I really love it in Belfast. I always stay in the most bombed hotel, the Europa!" -Gareth Gates
"I'm not glamorous, I don't have a look, I don't know anything about opera, I have no Italian, and I'm too old." -Tyne Daly
"Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light." -Helen Keller
"Freedom consists not in doing what we like, but in having the right to do what we ought." -Pope John Paul II
"I don't want to feel like I've matured. That's a stupid word that I never want to use." -Marilyn Manson
"I would eat fruitcake if there'd been a nuclear war and I'd run out of canned goods." -Deb Caletti
"Good buildings come from good people, and all problems are solved by good design." -Stephen Gardiner
"Sometimes in football you have to hold your hand up and say, yeah, they're better than us." -Alex Ferguson
"There's not too many teams that can succeed on and off the field together." -Johnny Damon
"Rumors about me? Calista Flockhart, Pam Anderson, and Matt Damon. That's who I'm dating." -Ben Affleck
"The only joy in the world is to begin." -Cesare Pavese
"An art which isn't based on feeling isn't an art at all." -Paul Cezanne
"Men freely believe that which they desire." -Julius Caesar
"I don't need to be married to Georgia O'Keeffe or Lillian Hellman, but I like being with a woman I can look up to." -Alec Baldwin
"I mean, the competition is really created by the buzz around the Emmys. It's a totally subjective thing." -Michael C. Hall
"Reason is God's crowning gift to man." -Sophocles
"It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed." -Theodore Roosevelt
"We are all atheists about most of the gods that societies have ever believed in. Some of us just go one god further." -Richard Dawkins
"I was trained as a straight dramatist." -Josh Gad
"O Lord, help me not to despise or oppose what I do not understand." -William Penn
"Lawyers have a dangerous job in Iran." -Shirin Ebadi
"Rarely do pens go dry in restaurants." -Nicholson Baker
"If Satan wasn't around, churches would go out of business." -Marilyn Manson
"I think that baseball games are like soap operas. If you watch five in a row, you know enough to get hooked." -Jennifer Garner
"As a kid, all I wanted to do was be in a Viking film." -Craig Fairbrass
"The most important things in life aren't things." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
"I was listening to Jimi Hendrix; I just admire his artistry and creativity as an artist." -LL Cool J
"When you have no one to answer to, vendetta as investment strategy is as legitimate as anything." -Carl Icahn
"A man's true character comes out when he's drunk." -Charlie Chaplin
"It was pride that changed angels into devils; it is humility that makes men as angels." -Saint Augustine
"All of my policy is not based on a label. It's based on what I lived and what I know." -Nikki Haley
"I always love going to Paris, and now I feel like I know it really well." -Jacquelyn Jablonski
"Dick Clark will be truly missed. We will carry on his legacy every New Year's Eve." -Fergie
"An intellectual is a man who doesn't know how to park a bike." -Spiro T. Agnew
"I doubt if you can have a truly wild party without liquor." -Carl Sandburg
"Fame, like the river, is narrowest where it is bred, and broadest afar off." -William Davenant
"It can be rebuilt if other countries with selfish interests will not meddle, as has been done in the past." -Bulent Ecevit
"Let my enemies devour each other." -Salvador Dali
"For those who are willing to make an effort, great miracles and wonderful treasures are in store." -Isaac Bashevis Singer
"I do actually sing; I love to sing." -Lauren Cohan
"Fast is fine, but accuracy is everything." -Wyatt Earp
"Man's greatness lies in his power of thought." -Blaise Pascal
"I remember thinking, That's what I need - and that hope was in Jesus Christ." -Willie Aames
"My best work is often almost unconscious and occurs ahead of my ability to understand it." -Sam Abell
"Everyone gets the feeling that they know you and they know your life, and I felt really embarrassed by that." -Charlotte Gainsbourg
"I spent well over a year on the road with Sarah Vaughn. That was amazing." -Jan Hammer
"I've been through so many different political races." -Mary Fallin
"Some of the stuff about Yogi energy is really fascinating." -Kathy Acker
"Political parties don't work when people just announce what they are doing and expect everyone else to follow." -Tony Abbott
"I can just say exactly what happened." -Jose Canseco
"Singing well has always been important to me, but the most important factor is the connection to the audience." -John Davidson
"Cinematography is infinite in its possibilities... much more so than music or language." -Conrad Hall
"Everyting negative - pressure, challenges - is all an opportunity for me to rise." -Kobe Bryant
"Aim higher. Stay focused." -Brandon Adams
"The global economy is spluttering back into life. The Tories would have left it to choke to death." -Alistair Darling
"We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give." -Winston Churchill
"If you flee from the things you fear, there's no resolution." -Chuck Palahniuk
"To give a body and a perfect form to one's thought, this - and only this - is to be an artist." -Jacques-Louis David
"I like a woman with a head on her shoulders. I hate necks." -Steve Martin
"Dealing with ads is depressing. You don't make anyone's life better by making advertisements work better." -Brian Acton
"I'm just hoping that people understand that Islam is peace and not violence." -Muhammad Ali
"I seem to smell the stench of appeasement in the air." -Margaret Thatcher
"Who ever said that pleasure wasn't functional?" -Charles Eames
"In nine times out of ten, the slanderous tongue belongs to a disappointed person." -George Bancroft
"So great was the extremity of his pain and anguish, that he did not only sigh but roar." -Matthew Henry
"Put your trust in the Lord and go ahead. Worry gets you no place." -Roy Acuff
"I think having a dog makes you more compassionate." -Cheyenne Jackson
"I'll often rush out from Dark Shadows, having made a 5.30PM appointment, working for a couple of hours." -Thayer David
"After I read 'The Hunger Games,' I went out and got 'Catching Fire' the next day." -Jodelle Ferland
"I wasn't satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement." -Donald Trump
"I love comedy, but I actually do prefer drama because I am already animated as a human being." -Shanola Hampton
"We cannot build a viable state with a country that is disintegrating into small pieces." -Mahmoud Abbas
"For me, personally, I really get a kick out of game shows. I like the play-along factor." -Doug Davidson
"For the moment, I'm concentrating on my own stuff." -Cheryl James
"Words have no power to impress the mind without the exquisite horror of their reality." -Edgar Allan Poe
"God is day and night, winter and summer, war and peace, surfeit and hunger." -Heraclitus
"Am I athletic? In my dreams." -Hugh Bonneville
"Biology is the study of complicated things that have the appearance of having been designed with a purpose." -Richard Dawkins
"I want to read Keats and Wordsworth, Hemingway, George Orwell." -Aravind Adiga
"One thing about playing the real jazz is that you can't count it." -Mahalia Jackson
"An intelligent man is sometimes forced to be drunk to spend time with his fools." -Ernest Hemingway
"Emancipate yourselves from mental slavery, none but ourselves can free our minds!" -Bob Marley
"I do believe that the truth gets out." -Annie Jacobsen
"A memorandum is written not to inform the reader but to protect the writer." -Dean Acheson
"Milkmen seem so wholesome, and there's no way anybody can be that wholesome." -Max Cannon
"All the things I used to like - cookies, ice cream, gumbo - I don't like anymore." -Etta James
"I'm neurotic about children. I see dangers everywhere - sharp corners, stairs." -Tamsin Egerton
"Surfing for me is more than my lifestyle; it's my passion, my love, and it's a part of me." -Bethany Hamilton
"For me, victory isn't measured by winning in the traditional sense." -Dinesh D'Souza
"My only feeling about superstition is that it's unlucky to be behind at the end of the game." -Duffy Daugherty
"I am an idealist. I don't know where I'm going but I'm on my way." -Carl Sandburg
"The task of the leader is to get his people from where they are to where they have not been." -Henry A. Kissinger
"I was definitely meant to be a young adult author, and I love it - I'm here to stay!" -Simone Elkeles
"If you've got a talent, protect it." -Jim Carrey
"I'm not consciously avoiding doing a lot of period drama, but I don't really seek it out either." -Rebecca Hall
"Music kept me off the streets and out of trouble and gave me something that was mine that no one could take away from me." -Eddie Van Halen
"I've already figured out when I'm going to be No. 2 and No. 1." -Sheldon Adelson
"The news of any politician's death should be listed under 'Public Improvements.'" -Frank Dane
"The older I get, the more I believe in practice and work over natural talent and ability." -Jamie Bamber
"When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace." -Jimi Hendrix
"The two championship years were that significant for me." -Chuck Daly
"I'm very respectful in everything I wear. I think about it." -Yolanda Adams
"The envious die not once, but as oft as the envied win applause." -Baltasar Gracian
"A mother never realizes that her children are no longer children." -Holbrook Jackson
"I draw what I feel, which is no more than doing my job." -Ralph Bakshi
"It's always great to have a great mascara that makes your lashes look thick and full. That's a definite must have." -Carmen Electra
"If you aren't in over your head, how do you know how tall you are?" -T. S. Eliot
"White people are potential humans - they haven't evolved yet." -Louis Farrakhan
"What do you do with what you're given, and how do you transform it into something worthwhile?" -Donald Fagen
"The common agenda both sides seem to share is: Whatever works." -Gwen Ifill
"I really miss Diana. I loved her so much." -Sarah Ferguson
"A gift of truth is the gift of love." -David Icke
"When you are thwarted, it is your own attitude that is out of order." -Meister Eckhart
"I sing just for fun." -Agnetha Faltskog
"A girl once came to my beery flat in Kensal Green, opened the blinds and cooked me breakfast. I married her." -Peter Capaldi
"Dancing is kind of my thing." -David Gallagher
"The bottom line as far as I was concerned was presenting to the public who Gerry Ferraro was." -Geraldine Ferraro
"The human race is a zone of living things that should be defined by tracing its confines." -Italo Calvino
"I'm in nobody's circle, I've always been an outsider." -Joan Rivers
"Most of us readily take things for granted that at an earlier time remained to be discovered." -Robert A. Dahl
"From a little spark may burst a flame." -Dante Alighieri
"I prepare myself for rehearsals like I would for marriage." -Maria Callas
"Sometimes I wonder if I'm a character being written, or if I'm writing myself." -Marilyn Manson
"It is little men know of women; their smiles and their tears alike are seldom what they seem." -Amelia Barr
"No bastard ever won a war by dying for his country. He won it by making the other poor dumb bastard die for his country." -George S. Patton
"Real liberty is neither found in despotism or the extremes of democracy, but in moderate governments." -Alexander Hamilton
"People who refuse to rest honorably on their laurels when they reach retirement age seem very admirable to me." -Helen Hayes
"The human foot is a masterpiece of engineering and a work of art." -Leonardo da Vinci
"People who live through transplants or disasters like Sept. 11 are survivors." -Geraldine Ferraro
"Turkey is widely envied while there are very serious troubles in the world economy." -Ali Babacan
"For all my education, accomplishments, and so called 'wisdom'... I can't fathom my own heart." -Michael Caine
"I think the best way to have confidence is not to allow everyone else's insecurities to be your own." -Jessie J
"Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight." -Phyllis Diller
"It's really a sad story, and I liked that. The songs on this album talk about relationships in every aspect." -Aaliyah
"If there was no Bible, it would be no matter whether you could read or not. Reading other books would do you no good." -Jupiter Hammon
"You have to keep pushing toward those dreams no matter what setbacks happen." -Anthony Hamilton
"Today, we talk a lot about terrorism, but we rarely talk about state terrorism." -Bianca Jagger
"A man's manners are a mirror in which he shows his portrait." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"I've not sat with my agent going: 'Where is the next hopeless girl I can play?' They just come along." -Laura Carmichael
"All my authority in heaven and on earth has been given to me." -Jesus Christ
"Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television." -Woody Allen
"As a kid, I sat transfixed watching Ray Harryhausen's '7th Voyage of Sinbad.'" -Raymond E. Feist
"If there are rules and regulations, I can't help it, I want to break them." -Ayumi Hamasaki
"You know, I want to eat junk food. My kids love junk food." -Homaro Cantu
"It is to be regretted that the rich and powerful too often bend the acts of government to their own selfish purposes." -Andrew Jackson
"There are no strangers here; Only friends you haven't yet met." -William Butler Yeats
"A shot is only as every as good as how well it tells the story." -Simon Baker
"The most humiliating thing a woman can be is a coquette." -Oriana Fallaci
"It is better to have loved and lost than never to have lost at all." -Samuel Butler
"I was an activist long before I even entertained the possibility of being an actor." -William Baldwin
"Now, so, if you want to blame someone for wasteful spending, the Republicans are in the majority." -Chaka Fattah
"When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world." -George Washington Carver
"I'm pretty sure I'm not at war with myself." -Sandy Adams
"And as far as I'm concerned, it's like I say, drugs are not the problem. Other stuff is the problem." -Jerry Garcia
"I think self-knowledge is the rarest trait in a human being." -Elizabeth Edwards
"I grew up with my mom; it was just the two of us." -Kat Edmonson
"I base my track-listing and what songs I pick by what my fans expect from me and what they want and what I think they want." -Tyler Farr
"A people free to choose will always choose peace." -Ronald Reagan
"It was a woman who drove me to drink, and I never had the courtesy to thank her for it." -W. C. Fields
"Producing is nothing more than bringing all the elements together, connecting people." -Brion James
"Rappers tend to use words sometimes that just rhyme and don't really mean nothing." -Trick Daddy
"I'm not thick-skinned at all, and of course I'm hurt by people attacking me as a person." -Diane Abbott
"I did successfully kick tobacco at the age of 34. I smoked for like 20 years, from 14 to 34." -Larry Hagman
"Great ideas originate in the muscles." -Thomas A. Edison
"I have a hard time with interviews, because I'd rather hear about the interviewer." -Maria Bamford
"You don't even need the director's judgement. It's too much." -Charlotte Gainsbourg
"Defeat never comes to any man until he admits it." -Josephus Daniels
"It's so much easier to suggest solutions when you don't know too much about the problem." -Malcolm Forbes
"One of my favorite graphic novels of all time is Grant Morrison's 'Earth-2.'" -Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa
"In Britain you're more used to challenging drama. In America, TV is just boring, and numbing, and bloody terrible." -Michael Imperioli
"It is not until you become a mother that your judgment slowly turns to compassion and understanding." -Erma Bombeck
"At Spotify, we really want you to democratically win as a musician. We want you to win because your music is the best music." -Daniel Ek
"I think with any sort of rejection, you're angry that you weren't enough for that person." -Jennie Garth
"In Genesis, it says that it is not good for a man to be alone; but sometimes it is a great relief." -John Barrymore
"I do appreciate a woman who has a passion for sports and knows their stuff." -Jerry Ferrara
"If I were a customer, and I was given a dish with peppers, I would hate it. I also don't like blood sausage." -Ferran Adria
"It was also my experience at Hull-House that aroused my interest in industrial diseases." -Alice Hamilton
"Where there is no imagination there is no horror." -Arthur Conan Doyle
"I think I'm going to spend some time learning how to be a first-time mom, and then I'll go back to work." -Linda Cardellini
"Do not feel sorry for me if I am gone." -Arthur Ashe
"I like almonds as a snack - keeps your energy up but doesn't fill you up." -Ina Garten
"I understand people have doubts, but I'm totally clean." -Michael Irvin
"A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song." -Maya Angelou
"By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail." -Benjamin Franklin
"I'm really interested in fashion journalism." -Mark Indelicato
"A steady patriot of the world alone, The friend of every country but his own." -George Canning
"True popularity comes from acts of kindness rather than acts of stupidity." -Bo Bennett
"I drink to make other people interesting." -George Jean Nathan
"My optimism wears heavy boots and is loud." -Henry Rollins
"Paul Newman is a sex symbol." -Maud Adams
"A group or an artist shouldn't get his money until his boss gets his." -Bobby Darin
"Right now, I'm very healthy. I have no vices left. Except sugary breakfast cereal. And absinthe, of course." -Johnny Galecki
"Which form of proverb do you prefer Better late than never, or Better never than late?" -Lewis Carroll
"Better a bad excuse, than none at all." -William Camden
"Getting out of bed in the morning is an act of false confidence." -Jules Feiffer
"Innocence is always unsuspicious." -Joseph Joubert
"So long as you have food in your mouth, you have solved all questions for the time being." -Franz Kafka
"I'm so uncoordinated." -Brett Eldredge
"The federal and state governments should ban the use of taxpayer funds to support cloning and embryonic stem cell research." -Sandy Adams
"I think we both have some darkness in us. But when we are together, we tend to concentrate more on the light." -Bobby Farrelly
"Friendship needs no words - it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness." -Dag Hammarskjold
"If you hang around long enough to show these people what you can do, you have a chance in this acting business." -Frank Cady
"If somebody's offering you a $400 million company at the age of 29, I've got the ego to say, 'I'd like a shot at that.'" -Stanley R. Jaffe
"Everything that is made beautiful and fair and lovely is made for the eye of one who sees." -Rumi
"And I love writing. I've always loved writing." -James Daly
"I'm not gonna be a slave. I'm a rock n' roller." -Steven Adler
"One sees great things from the valley; only small things from the peak." -Gilbert K. Chesterton
"I can see every monster as they come in." -Truman Capote
"It should not be the government running the economy." -Quico Canseco
"A Boss in Heaven is the best excuse for a boss on earth, therefore If God did exist, he would have to be abolished." -Mikhail Bakunin
"I want to be a champion for the people I have fought for all my life - regular people." -John Edwards
"If it's natural to kill, how come men have to go into training to learn how?" -Joan Baez
"I never intended to be a teacher. I just like going to school and learning things." -Guy Davenport
"I tried to use the questions and answers as an armature on which to build a sculpture of genuine conversation." -Clifton Fadiman
"If you're going to be a winner in life, you have to constantly go beyond your best." -Robert Kiyosaki
"To talk to someone who does not listen is enough to tense the devil." -Pearl Bailey
"Video is freeing, but also lazier. You have to recreate the love of the moment." -Leos Carax
"Remember that children, marriages, and flower gardens reflect the kind of care they get." -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"I am going to continue and bring this club forward. I am Paul Gascoigne the footballer." -Paul Gascoigne
"It takes more than just a good looking body. You've got to have the heart and soul to go with it." -Epictetus
"Exuberance is beauty." -William Blake
"Nothing is worth more than this day." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"An ounce of performance is worth pounds of promises." -Mae West
"We shall find peace. We shall hear angels, we shall see the sky sparkling with diamonds." -Anton Chekhov
"At the moment of death I hope to be surprised." -Ivan Illich
"Wikipedia flourished partly because it was a shrine to altruism." -Nicholson Baker
"Many, many of my paintings have come from the first chapter of Moby Dick." -Robert Indiana
"I don't know which is more discouraging, literature or chickens." -E. B. White
"It was important for us to be as supportive as our candidates and as our incumbent senators would have us be." -Tom Daschle
"For other nations, utopia is a blessed past never to be recovered; for Americans it is just beyond the horizon." -Henry A. Kissinger
"I grew up outside of Boston in a town called Manchester by the Sea, and we spent our summers in Nantucket." -Nat Faxon
"I delight in what I fear." -Shirley Jackson
"I can now put 'experienced aerialist' on my resume." -Jennifer Damiano
"All God wants of man is a peaceful heart." -Meister Eckhart
"What do I know of man's destiny? I could tell you more about radishes." -Samuel Beckett
"When somebody grabs a movement, you're kind of locked into it. It's all par for the course." -John Cale
"Banning guns addresses a fundamental right of all Americans to feel safe." -Dianne Feinstein
"I literally was famous before I knew my own name." -Corey Feldman
"I think that the process of making music is a hard one to describe as well." -Steve Hackett
"I would get a lot of writing done if I lived in isolation in a cave under a swamp." -Claire Cameron
"I do like adrenaline. Zip-lining is my favorite." -Shanola Hampton
"We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak." -Epictetus
"Our forces will not be on the sidelines." -John Abizaid
"The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it." -Henry David Thoreau
"That bedrock faith that I could write was what blinded me to attempts to discourage me." -Lynn Abbey
"You can plant a dream." -Anne Campbell
"I think it's really great when you stand up for something that you really believe, even if you get heat for it." -Christina Aguilera
"There's a difference between violence and senseless violence." -DMX
"I know nothing about sex, because I was always married." -Zsa Zsa Gabor
"Still round the corner there may wait, A new road or a secret gate." -J. R. R. Tolkien
"What if nothing exists and we're all in somebody's dream?" -Woody Allen
"'New Jack City' and 'Boyz 'N the Hood' are realities, but movies like 'Strictly Business' are realities, too." -Tommy Davidson
"Chinese buildings are like American buildings, with big footprints. People don't care about daylight or fresh air." -Helmut Jahn
"Theories are always very thin and insubstantial, experience only is tangible." -Hosea Ballou
"I like to hold a book. When someone sends me a script, I ask for a hard copy or print one out." -Mario Cantone
"Life is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, a tragedy for the poor." -Sholom Aleichem
"When you put on a uniform, there are certain inhibitions that you accept." -Dwight D. Eisenhower
"Gold medals aren't really made of gold. They're made of sweat, determination, and a hard-to-find alloy called guts." -Dan Gable
"The great object is that every man be armed." -Patrick Henry
"Studying music, everyone sort of has their own style - it's not like everyone's going for the same part." -Katy B
"I'm the Latin artist who has been the most successful in history at representing the Latin culture." -Julio Iglesias
"I'm disappointed that success hasn't been a Himalayan feeling." -Gene Hackman
"My passion is about motivating as many families as possible to learn about vegetables and healthy eating together." -Jennie Garth
"Happiness is a thing to be practiced, like the violin." -John Lubbock
"Life is meant to be enjoyed, not endured." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
"As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others." -Bill Gates
"Research has shown that the best way to be happy is to make each day happy." -Deepak Chopra
"When I came to America in the '60s, it was the place to be. I wonder if I'd come here today." -Helmut Jahn
"I'm very free with all my emotions, whether it's happy, sad, mad, glad, whatever." -Kimberly Elise
"Death may be the greatest of all human blessings." -Socrates
"I'd love to be a dad. I hope I'd be great at it. That's every man's fear, yet his most important job." -Matt Damon
"Remember that the most valuable antiques are dear old friends." -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"Drawing makes you see things clearer, and clearer and clearer still, until your eyes ache." -David Hockney
"I think a basic level of fitness can help the body cope with all manner of incidents." -Richard Hammond
"I think that there will always be a need for Housing and Urban Development." -Alphonso Jackson
"God and Country are an unbeatable team; they break all records for oppression and bloodshed." -Luis Bunuel
"The effectiveness of work increases according to geometric progression if there are no interruptions." -Andre Maurois
"I have always been attracted to the bleaker aspects of life. I love drama." -Marianne Faithfull
"Most people work for the private sector, which cannot exist without profit." -Larry Elder
"My first crush was Barry Manilow. He performed on TV and I taped it. When no one was around I'd kiss the screen." -Janet Jackson
"The damage done in one year can sometimes take ten or twenty years to repair." -Chinua Achebe
"I don't particularly have any magical ambitions, but then, I never did. I just enjoyed the game." -Paul Daniels
"Some day science may have the existence of mankind in power, and the human race can commit suicide by blowing up the world." -Henry Adams
"Also a portion of my sales go directly to Greenpeace." -Rick Danko
"Bad officials are the ones elected by good citizens who do not vote." -George Jean Nathan
"I am just a little tired of the Stones and the Beatles, and I don't care if I ever hear 'Louie Louie' ever again." -Wolfman Jack
"Our strong suit is what we do, and our audience." -Jerry Garcia
"This man is frank and earnest with women. In Fresno, he's Frank and in Chicago he's Ernest." -Henny Youngman
"Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake." -Napoleon Bonaparte
"I was brought up very conservatively. My father was positively Victorian - I wasn't even allowed to wear my hair down." -Britt Ekland
"For President Clinton, according to this discussion I had with him, Rwanda was a marginal problem." -Boutros Boutros-Ghali
"Nature reserves the right to inflict upon her children the most terrifying jests." -Thornton Wilder
"The very spring and root of honesty and virtue lie in good education." -Plutarch
"Screenwriting is a much more collaborative effort. When you write a novel, it's just you, with input from your editor." -Meg Cabot
"It is good to vary in order that you may frustrate the curious, especially those who envy you." -Baltasar Gracian
"It's easy for people to grow up in our society believing that certain lifestyles are risk free when they certainly are not." -Bill James
"People will buy anything that is 'one to a customer.'" -Sinclair Lewis
"A good beginning makes a good end." -Louis L'Amour
"Even if a snake is not poisonous, it should pretend to be venomous." -Chanakya
"You dirty, double-crossing rat." -James Cagney
"Hypothetical questions get hypothetical answers." -Joan Baez
"In the game of football, you can never be too sure of anything." -Jason Babin
"We have forty million reasons for failure, but not a single excuse." -Rudyard Kipling
"Greater love has no one than this, than to lay down one's life for his friends." -John the Apostle
"I'm terrible at speaking extemporaneously about my work - I get completely tongue-tied and consumed with fear." -Annie Baker
"Judges don't age; time decorates them." -Enid Bagnold
"I'm tired of being treated like a second-class citizen." -Rosa Parks
"If you miss one day in physics, that's it." -Robert Iler
"I loved Martin Luther King more than a brother." -Ralph Abernathy
"I like intelligent women. When you go out, it shouldn't be a staring contest." -Frank Sinatra
"I drive every day. I like to gamble." -David Edwards
"I am against religion because it teaches us to be satisfied with not understanding the world." -Richard Dawkins
"Silence is argument carried out by other means." -Che Guevara
"No one would remember the Good Samaritan if he'd only had good intentions; he had money as well." -Margaret Thatcher
"I didn't start traveling abroad until I was 17, but I spent many summers on the beaches of Donegal in Ireland." -Caitriona Balfe
"You know, this game's not very much fun when you're only hitting .247." -Reggie Jackson
"I've had too lengthy a career and coached too many players to make a choice." -Chuck Daly
"God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him." -Jim Elliot
"The characteristic of scientific progress is our knowing that we did not know." -Gaston Bachelard
"Though I have no productive worth, I have a certain value as an indestructible quantity." -Alice James
"I wish I had the voice of Homer to sing of rectal carcinoma." -John B. S. Haldane
"I feel very lucky." -Kate Jackson
"Good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will find a way around the laws." -Plato
"Love is always open arms. If you close your arms about love you will find that you are left holding only yourself." -Leo Buscaglia
"Scar tissue is stronger than regular tissue. Realize the strength, move on." -Henry Rollins
"Every day, I get closer to God. Every day, my will to do the right thing gets stronger." -DMX
"If it's got the feeling, if the music moves you or not, it doesn't matter what the genre is to me." -Casey James
"Love without conversation is impossible." -Mortimer Adler
"Who gave it that title, gangsta rap? It's reality rap. It's about what's really going on." -Eazy-E
"Racism is ridiculous no matter where it's coming from." -Alan Ball
"Require... electoral votes to be allocated in proportion to the popular votes." -Robert A. Dahl
"Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you've got to start young." -Theodore Roosevelt
"But I also hold the very strong view that republicans need to lead by example." -Gerry Adams
"But Gargoyles, bar none, is the most fun I've ever had in life." -Keith David
"People want to hear what I have to say and respect what I say." -Jennifer Capriati
"Progress would not have been the rarity it is if the early food had not been the late poison." -Walter Bagehot
"Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not." -Dr. Seuss
"The greatest pleasure of life is love." -Euripides
"What you do today can improve all your tomorrows." -Ralph Marston
"I think doing dramas kind of wears on you. It's just intense." -Christine Ebersole
"When I find a look that I like, that's my entire wardrobe." -Jeremy Irvine
"The essence of Government is power; and power, lodged as it must be in human hands, will ever be liable to abuse." -James Madison
"My mum is actually really wholesome." -Georgia Jagger
"It's not always easy to stand aside and be unable to do anything except record the sufferings around one." -Robert Capa
"I believe that birth control is just like every other medication even though it's a controlled substance." -Rima Fakih
"Red Sox fans have been pushed to the brink over the years, but that's how faith grows stronger." -Julianna Baggott
"You must look within for value, but must look beyond for perspective." -Denis Waitley
"Know you food, know your farmers, and know your kitchen." -Joel Salatin
"Time plays a role in almost every decision. And some decisions define your attitude about time." -John Cale
"The mobile phone... is a tool for those whose professions require a fast response, such as doctors or plumbers." -Umberto Eco
"I like winning. There's also a certain joy in it. I feel fulfilled by it." -Carl Icahn
"After deep exercise of soul I was brought by grace to feel I could entirely." -John Nelson Darby
"The missionaries go forth to Christianize the savages - as if the savages weren't dangerous enough already." -Edward Abbey
"Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society." -William Makepeace Thackeray
"There's no reason to change what you are, but if you're not being you, then you need to acknowledge that." -Marilyn Manson
"Defense is not like other discretionary spending." -Robert M. Gates
"Our company has to be a company that enables its people." -Steve Ballmer
"When I gained weight in 2005, my nutritionist was very worried. I was close to having diabetes." -Janet Jackson
"If you're not first, you're last." -Jeff Rich
"I never wash my hair the night before an event - I call it second day hair, and it holds better." -Debby Ryan
"Either you deal with what is the reality, or you can be sure that the reality is going to deal with you." -Alex Haley
"You can't really copy what I do because I don't do anything." -David Bailey
"To be or not to be is not a question of compromise. Either you be or you don't be." -Golda Meir
"One that would have the fruit must climb the tree." -Thomas Fuller
"As he is one, so we call Him God, the Deity, the Divine Nature, and other names of the same signification." -John Hales
"Any truth is better than indefinite doubt." -Arthur Conan Doyle
"People don't know how to behave in public anymore." -Gallagher
"Convincing yourself doesn't win an argument." -Robert Half
"It is only when they go wrong that machines remind you how powerful they are." -Clive James
"We can fight over what the taxation levels should be, but the tax system should be very, very simple and not distortionary." -Adam Davidson
"I love tackling, love it. It's better than sex." -Paul Ince
"There is a fetishization of victimization in our culture. And I just am not interested in victimhood." -Alan Ball
"I don't decide to represent anything except myself. But that self is full of collective memory." -Mahmoud Darwish
"I been in this game a long time." -Trick Daddy
"The Bible says, as a man thinketh in his heart, so is he." -Dyan Cannon
"My limits will be better marked. Both the limits I will set, and my own limits." -Isabelle Adjani
"I don't go anywhere without clean shoes. That's one thing I've got from the navy." -Mark Hadlow
"Edge will be missed. It was an honor to share the ring with him, and compete against him." -Charlie Haas
"I've never played for a draw in my life." -Alex Ferguson
"You're blessed if you have the strength to work." -Mahalia Jackson
"I mean, if you turn on the radio, love is 90 percent of the music." -Enrique Iglesias
"Most people spend more time and energy going around problems than in trying to solve them." -Henry Ford
"I only unwind at facials and massages." -Freema Agyeman
"When I get logical, and I don't trust my instincts - that's when I get in trouble." -Angelina Jolie
"An investment in knowledge pays the best interest." -Benjamin Franklin
"I'm over-industrious, so I don't feel quite such a deviant in America as I did in England." -Niall Ferguson
"The religion of the Indian is the last thing about him that the man of another race will ever understand." -Charles Eastman
"In love, as in gluttony, pleasure is a matter of the utmost precision." -Italo Calvino
"We are one, after all, you and I, together we suffer, together exist and forever will recreate each other." -Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
"I've been to New York a lot. I grew up in London but I'm from Chile originally." -Santiago Cabrera
"If you have one good idea, people will lend you twenty." -Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
"But I'm not objective when I'm acting." -Laura Innes
"Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people." -W. C. Fields
"If your pictures aren't good enough, you aren't close enough." -Robert Capa
"I like taking a character at the most intense moments of their lives and exploring all that in full and then moving on." -Greg Iles
"Silence is only frightening to people who are compulsively verbalizing." -William S. Burroughs
"Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning." -Bill Gates
"Rest when you're weary. Refresh and renew yourself, your body, your mind, your spirit. Then get back to work." -Ralph Marston
"The worst thing about being a tourist is having other tourists recognize you as a tourist." -Russell Baker
"Make haste! The tide of Fortune soon ebbs." -Silius Italicus
"I never set out to do this - getting to No. 1 in the 'New York Times' bestseller list wasn't even a pipedream." -E. L. James
"I love art. I used to have a painting of Gorbachev that was given to my family by Gorbachev." -Armie Hammer
"Most of my colleagues have research awards on the shelf. I have party invites." -Anita Elberse
"It's a dismally lonely business, writing." -Toni Cade Bambara
"I think one of the appeals of suspense is to safely explore our innermost fears." -Lisa Gardner
"Theories that go counter to the facts of human nature are foredoomed." -Edith Hamilton
"A woman's guess is much more accurate than a man's certainty." -Rudyard Kipling
"I would have changed my last name if being famous were my goal." -Zach Galifianakis
"I am not wrong in the belief that its public funds are more secure than those of all the European powers." -Albert Gallatin
"And when I go to see plays, I marvel at how people can do that. I've done it all my life, but I still find it mystical." -Victor Garber
"My dad was a good athlete. My mom had longevity. There were some athletic genes that certainly got passed down." -Hale Irwin
"I just filled out my income tax forms. Who says you can't get killed by a blank?" -Milton Berle
"Sometimes you can't see yourself clearly until you see yourself through the eyes of others." -Ellen DeGeneres
"Telling a teenager the facts of life is like giving a fish a bath." -Arnold H. Glasow
"MTV was such a great training for me. I did live interviews with everyone from Michael Jackson to Madonna." -Carson Daly
"Of these years nought remains in memory but the sad feeling that we have advanced and only grown older." -Max Muller
"I've got one young family by the first wife, with four children." -Merle Haggard
"I learned you can't trust the judgment of good friends." -Carl Sandburg
"I've got holes in my guitar." -Dick Dale
"I am a poor hater." -James A. Garfield
"Not what we have But what we enjoy, constitutes our abundance." -Epicurus
"Better pass boldly into that other world, in the full glory of some passion, than fade and wither dismally with age." -James Joyce
"It was really hard to find another project after my first film." -Guillaume Canet
"I can only say that whatever my life and work have been, I'm not envious of anyone-and this is my biggest satisfaction." -Roman Polanski
"Selfish persons are incapable of loving others, but they are not capable of loving themselves either." -Erich Fromm
"That was when I realised that music is the most profound, magical form of communication there is." -Lesley Garrett
"As far as I can tell, comedians are pretty serious people, and that's why they make fun of things all of the time." -Maria Bamford
"The number of people who will not go to a show they do not want to see is unlimited." -Oscar Hammerstein II
"I don't want to be a passenger in my own life." -Diane Ackerman
"I like to watch soccer, no matter what teams or players are in the field." -Andres Iniesta
"Well, I motorcycle, I hunt, fish, I do all that. I keep busy. I'm never bored. I've never been bored." -Larry Hagman
"Men who are in earnest are not afraid of consequences." -Marcus Garvey
"I think everybody has somebody for them, and they're out there waiting for you somewhere." -Brett Eldredge
"It's really weird watching the government watch me." -Hasan M. Elahi
"There are pretenders to piety as well as to courage." -Moliere
"There are some great divers in Europe and I'm really excited about going to Eindhoven." -Tom Daley
"Real life is much stranger than fiction, man." -Mike D
"I don't know how long I'll be competing, but I'll always be surfing. I'll be surfing until I'm old." -Bethany Hamilton
"It's not really the life of cooking that's hard - it's what you make of it and what level you push yourself to." -Grant Achatz
"Life is not what it's supposed to be. It's what it is. The way you cope with it is what makes the difference." -Virginia Satir
"There is a large element of me in every role I do." -Bruce Campbell
"Knife crime and gun crime is poverty-driven, and poverty leads to insecurity." -Emmanuel Jal
"Rock stars are incredibly energizing to me." -James Daly
"The news comes somewhat late, but I'm glad to hear it nevertheless." -Malcolm Campbell
"I miss my mother very, very much." -Paul Haggis
"The only thing that comes to a sleeping man is dreams." -Tupac Shakur
"Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies." -Mother Teresa
"If I am thinking the same as everyone why bother pushing to get it published?" -Chuck Eddy
"If the law is a bad law, there is always the contingent right to take action that you would not otherwise take." -James Callaghan
"I prefer a pleasant vice to an annoying virtue." -Moliere
"I think the worst kind of grief is unacknowledged grief." -Gerry Adams
"I think a lot of composers get into trouble just making up a plot and expecting an audience to follow that." -John Eaton
"If you deny yourself commitment, what can you do with your life?" -Harvey Fierstein
"London is a roost for every bird." -Benjamin Disraeli
"The Tea Party ended up being a shill for corporate America." -Russ Feingold
"To write is a humiliation." -Edward Dahlberg
"Somebody's upset with every movie." -DMX
"Ask others about themselves, at the same time, be on guard not to talk too much about yourself." -Mortimer Adler
"I never finished the ninth grade." -James Garner
"The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said." -Peter Drucker
"The only real lawyers are trial lawyers, and trial lawyers try cases to juries." -Clarence Darrow
"The truth is the best picture, the best propaganda." -Robert Capa
"I love the '70s, I'm very into that right now. The long Chloe dresses, very Virgin Suicides." -Elle Fanning
"It gets so boring at home. After all, how many reruns of Abbott and Costello movies can a guy watch on television?" -Bud Abbott
"One of the greatest diseases is to be nobody to anybody." -Mother Teresa
"If the reader cares, I don't think it matters so much whether your hero is in fact an anti-hero." -Barry Eisler
"The south is very focused on family... the musical heritage of Muscle Shoals especially and the bands from the region." -Jason Isbell
"My goal is to goad people into saying something that ruins their life." -Don Imus
"Every mother is like Moses. She does not enter the promised land. She prepares a world she will not see." -Pope Paul VI
"Enthusiasm is that secret and harmonious spirit which hovers over the production of genius." -Isaac D'Israeli
"There is no blue without yellow and without orange." -Vincent Van Gogh
"I knew BB King when he first started out." -David Edwards
"The foolish and the dead alone never change their opinions." -James Russell Lowell
"I am not one for half measures or half-hearted efforts." -Jay Inslee
"The musical heritage of Yorkshire is deep and wide." -Lesley Garrett
"And there's some Latino music I like, and some reggae music." -Merle Haggard
"I'd rather share the glory of a hit than star by myself in a flop." -Kate Jackson
"Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start." -Nido Qubein
"What a cruel thing war is... to fill our hearts with hatred instead of love for our neighbors." -Robert E. Lee
"I'm not well-read, but when I read, I read well." -Kurt Cobain
"As an actor, it's amazing to get to create different characters." -Brandon T. Jackson
"There is no definitive guidebook on how to pick the right partner, and even if there were, I'm way too dumb to write it." -Justin Halpern
"I never drink water because of the disgusting things that fish do in it." -W. C. Fields
"We do not so much need the help of our friends as the confidence of their help in need." -Epicurus
"So in process of four or five years the emperor called me, as divers times he had done before." -William Adams
"But what is happiness except the simple harmony between a man and the life he leads?" -Albert Camus
"I am not systematic at all when it comes to religion. I just love life. And I'm not judgmental. And I'm a vegetarian." -Erykah Badu
"People ask what it's like playing Prince Charming, but it's not something you really think about when you go to work." -Josh Dallas
"We've had cloning in the South for years. It's called cousins." -Robin Williams
"Anytime someone says we're channelling 1960s, I'm like, I'm in, I love it." -Lindsay Ellingson
"When I go home, I play with my baby dolls and strollers and stuffed animals, pretend like they're real dogs." -Elle Fanning
"The fact that I spend a lot of time in the 18th century doesn't mean I'm not concerned with the 21st." -Robert Darnton
"I cannot harness a horse. I am afraid of a cow." -Lyman Abbott
"I'm a romantic; a sentimental person thinks things will last, a romantic person hopes against hope that they won't." -F. Scott Fitzgerald
"The Jews are the enemy of National Socialism." -Arthur Seyss-Inquart
"There is nothing new in art except talent." -Anton Chekhov
"There's nothing wrong with a thick eyebrow; Frida Kahlo had them." -Paloma Faith
"We should be more anxious that our afflictions should benefit us than that they should be speedily removed from us." -Robert Hall
"To like an individual because he's black is just as insulting as to dislike him because he isn't white." -e. e. cummings
"There were no spells at my school, just a smack in the mouth." -Michael Gambon
"I try to do romantic gestures all the time." -Armie Hammer
"Boy, those French: they have a different word for everything!" -Steve Martin
"Short cuts make long delays." -J. R. R. Tolkien
"The only thing to know is how to use your neurosis." -Arthur Adamov
"We felt that although they were patchy, there was a tremendous political energy in the Henry plays." -Edward Hall
"Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity." -Og Mandino
"I did not just fall in love. I made a parachute jump." -Zora Neale Hurston
"I've been criticized for not having perspective in the past and I thought that of myself many times but not there." -Andre Agassi
"It feels good to be fit and strong." -Joel Edgerton
"As artists, we have to be brave. If we aren't brave, we aren't artists." -Paul Haggis
"The bottom line in the Christian life is obedience and most people don't even like the word." -Charles Stanley
"The fabric of existence weaves itself whole." -Charles Ives
"I'm just the messenger here. I'm just another representative of my faith, so to speak." -Stephen Baldwin
"The future starts today, not tomorrow." -Pope John Paul II
"Nuclear physics is interesting but it is unlikely to help society." -John Cameron
"I'm a huge horror fan." -Britt Robertson
"With my Roman Catholic upbringing, I have a set of principles that serve me well in good times and bad." -Steve Garvey
"I believe in one thing only, the power of human will." -Joseph Stalin
"You know more of a road by having traveled it than by all the conjectures and descriptions in the world." -William Hazlitt
"I think that there should be a Gaius Baltar Award for Moral Cowardice given out to people every year." -James Callis
"If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way." -Napoleon Hill
"Animals are such agreeable friends - they ask no questions; they pass no criticisms." -George Eliot
"Being on a television series is sort of life-altering on every level." -Victor Garber
"A committee is a group that keeps minutes and loses hours." -Milton Berle
"Glory is a heavy burden, a murdering poison, and to bear it is an art. And to have that art is rare." -Oriana Fallaci
"Remember that the most beautiful things in the world are the most useless; peacocks and lilies for instance." -John Ruskin
"I like to have quiet evenings and relax." -Gareth Gates
"My eyes, my brain seek out escape routes wherever I am sent." -Jack Henry Abbott
"Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in." -Napoleon Bonaparte
"And living in Australia I am relatively well off." -Peter Garrett
"I think when you move past your fear and you go after your dreams wholeheartedly, you become free." -LL Cool J
"The one endorsement that makes the most difference is from the constituents in the district." -Sandy Adams
"You can't rush the science, but when the science points you in the right direction, then you can start rushing." -Anthony Fauci
"I want to be up front racing." -Dale Earnhardt
"Never complain. Never explain." -Katharine Hepburn
"The happiest people seem to be those who have no particular cause for being happy except that they are so." -William Ralph Inge
"One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity." -Albert Schweitzer
"As for us, during twenty years' reign, we have known much bitterness." -Bao Dai
"Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong." -Calvin Coolidge
"Sunday clears away the rust of the whole week." -Joseph Addison
"Knowledge is invariably a matter of degree: you cannot put your finger upon even the simplest datum and say this we know." -T. S. Eliot
"For students, the evolution-creation discussion can be a useful exercise, for it can help develop their critical thinking skills." -Ken Ham
"The purest and most thoughtful minds are those which love colour the most." -John Ruskin
"The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams." -Oprah Winfrey
"I worked in rep for six years, then I came to London and to the National Theatre. What's better than that?" -Imelda Staunton
"You can accuse me of being a terror suspect, but I can prove to you that I'm not." -Hasan M. Elahi
"Anyone can count the seeds in an apple, but only God can count the number of apples in a seed." -Robert H. Schuller
"A good heart will help you to a bonny face, my lad and a bad one will turn the bonniest into something worse than ugly." -Emily Bronte
"My family is large and in charge! That's my favorite way to describe them." -Britt Robertson
"You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough." -William Blake
"Join the union, girls, and together say Equal Pay for Equal Work." -Susan B. Anthony
"I intend to live forever. So far, so good." -Steven Wright
"Whoever called snooker 'chess with balls' was rude, but right." -Clive James
"So, baseball is probably more physical of the two mentally." -Bo Jackson
"I would rather lose a good earring than be caught without make-up." -Lana Turner
"I started singing at age five and haven't stopped since." -Kimberly Caldwell
"Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them." -Dalai Lama
"Anybody can be fit. But you have to be patient. Give your body some time to adjust." -Sean Faris
"A woman can be anything the man who loves her would have her be." -James M. Barrie
"I really think that reading a whole script is kind of prying and neurotic, don't you?" -Tom Baker
"Politics is the most corrupt profession on Earth, no matter where you are." -Charles Dance
"To love someone means to see him as God intended him." -Fyodor Dostoevsky
"No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path." -Buddha
"Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
"Design is people." -Jane Jacobs
"Yeah, they let me do whatever I wanted to." -Wanda Jackson
"I've never wanted to look like models on the cover of magazines. I represent the majority of women and I'm very proud of that." -Adele
"We are born crying, live complaining, and die disappointed." -Thomas Fuller
"I'm working out every day. I'm in very good shape." -James Garner
"I do yoga. I do tai chi. I do a lot to keep my body and my spirit together so I can work." -Marianne Faithfull
"Doesn't matter what you say or do; people can always find a way to call you a dick." -Dave Attell
"An idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous." -Henry Ford
"Moral values, and a culture and a religion, maintaining these values are far better than laws and regulations." -Swami Sivananda
"Popularity has everything to do with business and nothing to do with music." -Donald Fagen
"What saves a man is to take a step. Then another step. It is always the same step, but you have to take it." -Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world." -Thomas A. Edison
"The men who learn endurance, are they who call the whole world, brother." -Charles Dickens
"My cooking is so bad my kids thought Thanksgiving was to commemorate Pearl Harbor." -Phyllis Diller
"Growing up, my parents were my heroes, in the way they conducted their lives." -Chris Hemsworth
"Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love." -Lao Tzu
"Sometimes we do things that are really awful." -Laura Carmichael
"There must be a day or two in a man's life when he is the precise age for something important." -Franklin Pierce Adams
"When you're taught to love everyone, to love your enemies, then what value does that place on love?" -Marilyn Manson
"I wanted to make the violence beautiful in order to heighten our revulsion." -Edward Hall
"Rappers should just be able to perform what they create and satisfy the people that like and love them." -Chuck D
"When I was planning Family Viewing, the Ontario Film Development Corporation came into existence." -Atom Egoyan
"Every body continues in its state of rest or uniform motion in a straight line, except insofar as it doesn't." -Arthur Eddington
"Lessons are not given, they are taken." -Cesare Pavese
"I really want to have actors contribute their own ideas, with phrasings and ideas on all levels." -Lasse Hallstrom
"I would probably be a teacher if I weren't a comedian." -Brad Garrett
"The smallest deed is better than the grandest intention." -Roger Nash Baldwin
"I have never heard anything about the resolutions of the apostles, but a good deal about their acts." -Og Mandino
"I was looking for something to make me happy, and once I realised what I actually had, then I found success." -Rebecca Ferguson
"The legal system is often a mystery, and we, its priests, preside over rituals baffling to everyday citizens." -Henry Miller
"It's a funny thing, the less people have to live for, the less nerve they have to risk losing nothing." -Zora Neale Hurston
"I've always had a kind of visual eye, and it was a pleasant exercise for that." -Adrian Edmondson
"If everyone demanded peace instead of another television set, then there'd be peace." -John Lennon
"Never stop taking risks. Just keep reaching." -Ryan Eggold
"Every act of rebellion expresses a nostalgia for innocence and an appeal to the essence of being." -Albert Camus
"If you want to cut your own throat, don't come to me for a bandage." -Margaret Thatcher
"To love and win is the best thing. To love and lose, the next best." -William Makepeace Thackeray
"I don't think anybody is wanting to put me back on the air. But I'm certainly out there trying." -Jamie Farr
"I look at the world and peer into products and think, 'What's wrong with these products?'" -Tony Fadell
"Religion is man's attempt to bind himself back to a relationship with God." -Victoria Jackson
"I have had four happy days in my life, and three of them turned out to be illusions." -Taylor Caldwell
"I am not just a celebrity, I'm a human-rights advocate for the last 20 years." -Bianca Jagger
"I have never had a great love of the music business, I never have." -Ginger Baker
"Cinema has opened a world of possibilities up for me." -Antonio Banderas
"I've never been more normal than I am now." -Adele
"There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no friendship without self-interests. This is a bitter truth." -Chanakya
"For 10 years, Kosovo was taboo. No one could officially tell the truth." -Ivica Dacic
"Winning takes precedence over all. There's no gray area. No almosts." -Kobe Bryant
"Every show I play, whether it's for an audience of 15,000 or 50, I look at it as a party, and I'm the host." -Tyler Farr
"Also, while I was at Yale, I had a job teaching kids at the museum." -Robert T. Bakker
"A whole stack of memories never equal one little hope." -Charles M. Schulz
"You cannot expect to achieve new goals or move beyond your present circumstances unless you change." -Les Brown
"You can't ignore politics, no matter how much you'd like to." -Molly Ivins
"I've always had a really active imagination. Lots of kids have imaginary friends. Mine just took on a rather demonic form." -Claire Danes
"I get attached to things: I wear the same jeans for a year." -Oscar Isaac
"Every city in the world always has a gang, a street gang, or the so-called outcasts." -Jimi Hendrix
"There are only three sins - causing pain, causing fear, and causing anguish. The rest is window dressing." -Roger Caras
"Music is a dialogue." -Alex Van Halen
"If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning." -Aristotle Onassis
"Life can't defeat a writer who is in love with writing, for life itself is a writer's lover until death." -Edna Ferber
"When your are playing for the national championship, it's not a matter of life or death. It's more important than that." -Duffy Daugherty
"When you're younger, and you do your first or second film, you want to show everyone what you can do." -Philippe Falardeau
"George Clooney is actually a huge prankster. That's sort of his jam. I had no idea." -Britt Robertson
"As a screenwriter and a half-Jew, I tend to look at the glass half-empty." -John Francis Daley
"I think you sometimes have to go hit rock bottom before you can grow and rebuild as a person." -Paul Dano
"Leave no stone unturned." -Euripides
"No one really forgives unless he has been hurt." -Lewis B. Smedes
"Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity." -Khalil Gibran
"Beware the wrath of a patient adversary." -John C. Calhoun
"How do I love thee? Let me count the ways." -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
"A film is a chain of very difficult decisions, and I think one of them is to choose an accurate cast." -Javier Camara
"A bonus: You don't have to diet to direct." -Joey Lauren Adams
"Yes, but everyone is beautiful to someone." -Kevyn Aucoin
"No change in musical style will survive unless it is accompanied by a change in clothing style. Rock is to dress up to." -Frank Zappa
"My parents were founders of the Cuban Communist Party, and I grew up extremely poor." -Guillermo Cabrera Infante
"To some people heavy metal is Motorhead and to others it's Judas Priest." -Glenn Danzig
"Heaven sends us good meat, but the Devil sends cooks." -David Garrick
"The most wasted of all days is one without laughter." -e. e. cummings
"The best way I know of to win an argument is to start by being in the right." -Lord Hailsham
"I didn't like the '80s at all; it was a vulgar moment of fashion." -Valentino Garavani
"People who demand neutrality in any situation are usually not neutral but in favor of the status quo." -Max Eastman
"Kids like classic rock, and so do adults." -Wolfman Jack
"When a woman is talking to you, listen to what she says with her eyes." -Victor Hugo
"Very often my weekends are spent performing on Saturday, on stage in the afternoon and again in the evening." -Simon Callow
"I've always said, 'Underwater or on top, men and women are compatible.'" -Sylvia Earle
"I'm not perfect in my walk but I want to do the right thing." -Kirk Cameron
"I can't watch 'Glee' because I get so jealous that I'm not there with them doing it that I can't even watch." -Janina Gavankar
"To say 'I love you' one must first be able to say the 'I.'" -Ayn Rand
"My dream was, and always had been, to write a book. To be a writer." -Deb Caletti
"Most quarrels amplify a misunderstanding." -Andre Gide
"I wish I could sing or play an instrument." -Sigrid Agren
"The truth will set you free, but first it will make you miserable." -James A. Garfield
"Mystery is but another name for ignorance; if we were omniscient, all would be perfectly plain!" -Tryon Edwards
"Chilli ice cream doesn't taste bad. But I wouldn't eat it again." -Boman Irani
"We very much regret that our merger with Sprint was not allowed to proceed." -Bernard Ebbers
"The happiness of the creature consists in rejoicing in God, by which also God is magnified and exalted." -Jonathan Edwards
"It is normal to be nervous." -James Galway
"You can get much farther with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word alone." -Al Capone
"The printed newspaper is a powerful showcase for news, opinion and advertising." -Jill Abramson
"The thing about rights is that in the end you can't prove what should be considered a right." -Paul Farmer
"Finally, I was no longer a student and was making music for myself." -Kenny G
"If you are lucky, you have your moment. But it is never more than a moment. You have to enjoy it while it lasts." -Julian Fellowes
"History is the version of past events that people have decided to agree upon." -Napoleon Bonaparte
"I love going to the movie theatre, seeing live comedy, and going to amusement parks." -Jennette McCurdy
"I see my sister, and she's on her second baby, and I'm like, 'That's success.' Having a family - I can't wait for that." -Adrienne Bailon
"Education is the best friend. An educated person is respected everywhere. Education beats the beauty and the youth." -Chanakya
"Let us try to teach generosity and altruism, because we are born selfish." -Richard Dawkins
"Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible." -Francis of Assisi
"You should never, ever apologize for anything that makes you happy." -Jessie J
"I think making a movie is like drawing or creating an art piece. The artwork reflects part of your personality, but not all." -Tony Jaa
"In love the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two." -Erich Fromm
"An economy is not a complicated thing; it just has a lot of moving parts." -Ray Dalio
"Grieve not, then, if your sons seem to desert you, but rejoice, rather, seeing the will of God done gladly." -Jim Elliot
"Little opportunities should be improved." -Francois Fenelon
"Passion is the mob of the man, that commits a riot upon his reason." -William Penn
"It is bitter to think of one's best years disappearing in this unpolished country." -Greta Garbo
"The council now beginning rises in the Church like the daybreak, a forerunner of most splendid light." -Pope John XXIII
"A warm smile is the universal language of kindness." -William Arthur Ward
"This is the way the world ends, not with a bang, but a whimper." -T. S. Eliot
"I like doing stand-up and I love putting out TV specials." -Dave Attell
"School reform is not enough. The notion of schooling itself must be challenged." -John Taylor Gatto
"My main recollection is of the work I had to do in order to eat." -Clifton Fadiman
"I remember learning how to play 'The Fool On The Hill' on piano when I was in maybe fifth grade." -Britt Daniel
"Fathers are biological necessities, but social accidents." -Margaret Mead
"As usual, there is a great woman behind every idiot." -John Lennon
"Kindness is loving people more than they deserve." -Joseph Joubert
"The mind can weave itself warmly in the cocoon of its own thoughts, and dwell a hermit anywhere." -James Russell Lowell
"Always do your best." -Miguel Angel Ruiz
"Don't wait around for other people to be happy for you. Any happiness you get you've got to make yourself." -Alice Walker
"Never forget me, because if I thought you would, I'd never leave." -A. A. Milne
"The adjective is the banana peel of the parts of speech." -Clifton Fadiman
"True happiness comes from the joy of deeds well done, the zest of creating things new." -Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"The fact that the games were so close was a tribute to the level of skill in the World Cup." -Lorrie Fair
"Being handsome wasn't much of a burden. It worked for me." -David Bailey
"I am very straight-forward and direct. If I disagree with something, I say something about it." -Simon Baker
"Counterterrorism isn't really about the nunchakus, the guns and gadgets. It's about psychology." -Claire Danes
"Hurry boys, hurry, we have to make a quick change or the hour will be up." -Malcolm Campbell
"I see heaven's glories shine and faith shines equal." -Emily Bronte
"Nothing is so silly as the expression of a man who is being complimented." -Andre Gide
"Show me a smile, and I'll show you one back." -Vanilla Ice
"Nobody wants to hear Metallica at lunchtime." -Michael Fassbender
"You always want to win. That is why you play tennis, because you love the sport and try to be the best you can at it." -Roger Federer
"You protect your being when you love yourself better. That's the secret." -Isabelle Adjani
"A single twig breaks, but the bundle of twigs is strong." -Tecumseh
"It's such a strange combination that I'd be unhappy to make anything like that without Landis directing." -Jenny Agutter
"When urbanity decays, civilization suffers and decays with it." -James Norman Hall
"The remarkable thing is, we have a choice everyday regarding the attitude we will embrace for that day." -Charles R. Swindoll
"Comfort zones are plush lined coffins. When you stay in your plush lined coffins, you die." -Stan Dale
"If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading." -Lao Tzu
"There's a period of life when we swallow a knowledge of ourselves and it becomes either good or sour inside." -Pearl Bailey
"I'm little, but I love big things." -Lorrie Fair
"Where I am, I don't know, I'll never know, in the silence you don't know, you must go on, I can't go on, I'll go on." -Samuel Beckett
"I found my voice was a reaction to all that voice stuff." -Kathy Acker
"How can we live in harmony? First we need to know we are all madly in love with the same God." -Thomas Aquinas
"I live with a bunch of yuppies and models." -Abel Ferrara
"I always treated writing as a profession, never as a hobby. If you don't believe in yourself, no one else will." -Laurell K. Hamilton
"Canada and space are a natural fit." -Marc Garneau
"Our fatigue is often caused not by work, but by worry, frustration and resentment." -Dale Carnegie
"I like geography. I like to know where places are." -Tom Felton
"I have no regrets about being 'Doctor Who'. It was the greatest thing that ever happened to me." -Tom Baker
"No place is boring, if you've had a good night's sleep and have a pocket full of unexposed film." -Robert Adams
"It's clear that we need comprehensive immigration reform." -Bob Inglis
"If more people would try and reach up instead of going to the lowest common denominator, I think we'd be a lot better off." -Mary Badham
"Before, Europe was about treaties, laws and our sovereign right to govern ourselves. Now, it's about everyday lives." -Nigel Farage
"I'm a wandering gypsy." -Lady Gaga
"I'm shy, paranoid, whatever word you want to use. I hate fame. I've done everything I can to avoid it." -Johnny Depp
"My writing has to support more than my research habit, but I love to curl up with a book about some dusty corner of history." -Lynn Abbey
"I was in 'Martha Marcy May Marlene,' and I got to do a song for the soundtrack." -Christopher Abbott
"Americans love popcorn, and their love doesn't quit." -Rosecrans Baldwin
"The great thing about show business is that there's no mandatory retirement age." -Scott Bakula
"What light is to the eyes - what air is to the lungs - what love is to the heart, liberty is to the soul of man." -Robert Green Ingersoll
"Marriage is too interesting an experiment to be tried only once." -Eva Gabor
"I'm not recognised much at all." -Laura Carmichael
"Why can't I just eat my waffle?" -Barack Obama
"I can honestly say that I am happier now than I have ever been. For the first time in my life I feel free." -LaToya Jackson
"My knowledge of video games ends with Nintendo 'Mario Bros.'" -Gina Carano
"The margin between success and drama is fractional." -Jacky Ickx
"America is so vast that almost everything said about it is likely to be true, and the opposite is probably equally true." -James T. Farrell
"The truth of it is that women are far more logical than men." -George Hamilton
"I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen." -Ernest Hemingway
"Sorrow is knowledge, those that know the most must mourn the deepest, the tree of knowledge is not the tree of life." -Lord Byron
"Action breeds inspiration more than inspiration breeds action." -Willem Dafoe
"I'll do anything for $50. People are always trying to get me to do dumb things. The possibilities are endless." -Ryan Cabrera
"Love is the poetry of the senses." -Honore de Balzac
"I would just listen to records and learn what I could, then just roll it over and over and over." -Dimebag Darrell
"A book has got smell. A new book smells great. An old book smells even better. An old book smells like ancient Egypt." -Ray Bradbury
"Don't gain the world and lose your soul; wisdom is better than silver or gold." -Bob Marley
"Our Generation has had no Great war, no Great Depression. Our war is spiritual. Our depression is our lives." -Chuck Palahniuk
"A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without getting nervous." -Alexander Hamilton
"You never realize what a good memory you have until you try to forget something." -Franklin P. Jones
"There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will." -Epictetus
"Nearly all Italian officers speak French." -Hugh Dalton
"No race can prosper till it learns that there is as much dignity in tilling a field as in writing a poem." -Booker T. Washington
"Gay marriage is going to happen. It must." -Lady Gaga
"Zombies are eternal. They're like dinosaurs." -Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa
"Most people when they come to you for advice, come to have their own opinions strengthened, not corrected." -Josh Billings
"There are two things in life for which we are never truly prepared: twins." -Josh Billings
"I just like to be under the radar and concentrate and do my job." -Melky Cabrera
"Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe." -Abraham Lincoln
"The devil's name is dullness." -Robert E. Lee
"I have no private life, as I am constantly under police surveillance." -Ivica Dacic
"I was a scam artist in high school for a while." -Scott Caan
"The least productive people are usually the ones who are most in favor of holding meetings." -Thomas Sowell
"It's great to be able to get up there now and do an hour or 75 minutes of songs they're familiar with." -Trace Adkins
"Quote me as saying I was mis-quoted." -Groucho Marx
"So I departed and was free from imprisonment." -William Adams
"The campaign is over. It's time for the work of governing to begin." -Tom Daschle
"In London they don't like you if you're still alive." -Harvey Fierstein
"It's lonely and cold on the top... lonely and cold." -Judy Garland
"Love consists in this, that two solitudes protect and touch and greet each other." -Rainer Maria Rilke
"I was separated from my wife at the time. A lot of people think I wrote it about prison." -Freddy Fender
"All changes are more or less tinged with melancholy, for what we are leaving behind is part of ourselves." -Amelia Barr
"I don't think the riots derailed the civil rights movement." -Henry Louis Gates
"Basically you have to suppress your own ambitions in order to be who you need to be." -Bob Dylan
"In view of the fact that God limited the intelligence of man, it seems unfair that He did not also limit his stupidity." -Konrad Adenauer
"I definitely feel like my blog is going edgy to broad and boring." -Joichi Ito
"I despise - I hate - I'm terrified of karaoke, and I wish I wasn't because everybody I know who's awesome loves it." -Ben Feldman
"My parents never talked to me like I was a kid. Maybe that's why I've been seen as mature." -Dakota Fanning
"A man with a soul is not like every other man." -Eugene Ionesco
"Probably the simplest hypothesis... is that there may be a slow process of annihilation of matter." -Arthur Eddington
"I believe in entrepreneurs. I believe in their ability to make positive change in the world." -Jessica Jackley
"There's a real cowardice in the movie business. If you don't meet the right crazy people, you can't do it." -Leos Carax
"Act strenuously, would appear to be our faith, and right thinking will take care of itself." -Irving Babbitt
"I'm an actor, paid to act. I don't bring personal problems to the sets. Dad taught me that." -Abhishek Bachchan
"My sole focus as far back as I can remember was all about my dream to become a singer." -Sheena Easton
"Poetry is a mere drug, Sir." -George Farquhar
"Negativity is the enemy of creativity." -David Lynch
"I always see myself as much more of a musician than a celebrity." -Sade Adu
"The successful revolutionary is a statesman, the unsuccessful one a criminal." -Erich Fromm
"No poll can equal the day-to-day visits of the men and women of the Democratic Party." -Richard J. Daley
"By perseverance the snail reached the ark." -Charles Spurgeon
"I say that Pakistanis should not consider girls as weaklings." -Samina Baig
"When I walk with you I feel as if I had a flower in my buttonhole." -William Makepeace Thackeray
"We are never defeated unless we give up on God." -Ronald Reagan
"It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge." -Albert Einstein
"We're having a blast. Just four friends getting together." -Alex Van Halen
"There are all kinds of sexualities. There are all kinds of ways that people express their sexuality." -Jessica Capshaw
"All that political stuff Delano was doing. Me, I've gone off the top, into total fantasy." -Eddie Campbell
"You'll find boredom where there is the absence of a good idea." -Earl Nightingale
"I must say I find television very educational. The minute somebody turns it on, I go to the library and read a good book." -Groucho Marx
"There's something about the Foreign Service that takes the guts out of people." -Evan G. Galbraith
"I'd rather learn from one bird how to sing than teach 10,000 stars how not to dance." -e. e. cummings
"Absence sharpens love, presence strengthens it." -Thomas Fuller
"He knows not his own strength that hath not met adversity." -Cesare Pavese
"But I've always attracted attention, it's true, ever since I was very young." -Beatrice Dalle
"To love beauty is to see light." -Victor Hugo
"If you don't stand for something you will fall for anything." -Malcolm X
"Nobody has a bigger cult than Warren Buffett." -Michael Eisner
"To me, there is no greater act of courage than being the one who kisses first." -Janeane Garofalo
"The public is like a piano. You just have to know what keys to poke." -Al Capp
"I've suffered too much to hide my feelings." -Isabelle Adjani
"Nothing is enough for the man to whom enough is too little." -Epicurus
"I'm not a political animal, I'm a curious animal." -Morgan Fairchild
"Failing my driving test first time; that was a disappointment on a geological scale." -Richard Hammond
"Happiness is beneficial for the body, but it is grief that develops the powers of the mind." -Marcel Proust
"I was walking down the street wearing glasses when the prescription ran out." -Steven Wright
"Love is the force that ignites the spirit and binds teams together." -Phil Jackson
"Anorexia is an awful thing, but you get yourself into it, and only you can get yourself out of it." -Celia Imrie
"True strength lies in submission which permits one to dedicate his life, through devotion, to something beyond himself." -Henry Miller
"I never have reservations about doing anything as long as I'm being paid." -Colin Baker
"Now when I look back to the Guildford of that time, it seems far more exotic to me than Nagasaki." -Kazuo Ishiguro
"If the world was perfect, it wouldn't be." -Yogi Berra
"Since retiring I have spent a lot of time with my family, on my boat, and playing football." -Goran Ivanisevic
"I'm from Texas, and I would love to do an old-fashioned gun-slinging Western." -Jensen Ackles
"I don't really believe in cliques - I think everyone can be friends with everyone." -Lucy Hale
"I work very quickly. I only ever take one picture of one thing. Literally. Never two." -William Eggleston
"I don't always have the stomach muscles I have, and I get cellulite as well like everyone else." -Elisabetta Canalis
"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself." -Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Film is not a national business. It's international. And its centre will always be Hollywood." -Eric Fellner
"To my way of thinking, an actor's course is set even before he's out of the cradle." -James Dean
"Islam is itself destiny and will not suffer destiny." -Muhammad Iqbal
"For more than three thousand years men have quarreled concerning the formulas of their faith." -Felix Adler
"Husbands are like fires - they go out when unattended." -Zsa Zsa Gabor
"Well, I've ruffled a few feathers at all the institutions I've led. But I think that's part of leadership." -Robert M. Gates
"Be interesting, be enthusiastic... and don't talk too much." -Norman Vincent Peale
"Imagination is like the drunk man who lost his watch and must get drunk again to find it." -Guy Davenport
"Deep down, the Iraqi people want the United States out. And their self-determination should be respected." -Peter Camejo
"My idea of a vacation is staying home and doing short day hikes, floating the river and things like that." -Tim Cahill
"You have to have a strong title. It's got to say something." -Jim Capaldi
"It's a big responsibility dating me. Because I come with a little bit of baggage, you know?" -Demi Lovato
"There are things known and there are things unknown, and in between are the doors of perception." -Aldous Huxley
"Remember when life's path is steep to keep your mind even." -Horace
"Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy." -Isaac Newton
"The most splendid achievement of all is the constant striving to surpass yourself and to be worthy of your own approval." -Denis Waitley
"I don't have an image that I'm trying to, like, portray. I'm just being me." -LL Cool J
"Our old age was in some respects the happiest period of life." -Charles Eastman
"There is no wealth but life." -John Ruskin
"If you're only making an album every 10 years, it better be good." -Sade Adu
"All the things that I find beautiful have a darkness about them." -Paloma Faith
"Sailing is a completely new sport for me and I wasn't sure what to expect but I've definitely got the bug." -Kirsty Gallacher
"I think that's the key to being a director: to be able to get the shot and move on quickly." -Bobby Farrelly
"Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough." -Emily Dickinson
"You could cover the whole earth with asphalt, but sooner or later green grass would break through." -Ilya Ehrenburg
"If I create anything, I create the atmosphere of trust and openness." -Sante D'Orazio
"Be as a tower firmly set; Shakes not its top for any blast that blows." -Dante Alighieri
"I'd love to be a diva. But I'd then have to send so many apology notes for my abhorrent behaviour." -Amy Adams
"But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated." -Ernest Hemingway
"A man who pretends to understand women is bad manners. For him to really to understand them is bad morals." -Henry James
"I don't get easily bored. I'm not that kind of person." -Sade Adu
"A mighty flame followeth a tiny spark." -Dante Alighieri
"If you want to be happy, be." -Leo Tolstoy
"There is something in me that makes me see things through." -Alastair Campbell
"The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time." -Abraham Lincoln
"Welcome those big, sticky, complicated problems. In them are your most powerful opportunities." -Ralph Marston
"People are going to behave however the social norms permit, and beyond that." -Max Cannon
"Now the difficulty with those warnings is that they were not specific." -Lee H. Hamilton
"All men can see these tactics whereby I conquer, but what none can see is the strategy out of which victory is evolved." -Sun Tzu
"I was not the popular kid in school." -Gabriel Iglesias
"Success is due to our stretching to the challenges of life. Failure comes when we shrink from them." -John C. Maxwell
"Every tomorrow has two handles. We can take hold of it with the handle of anxiety or the handle of faith." -Henry Ward Beecher
"Everything that has been will be, everything that will be is, everything that will be has been." -Eugene Ionesco
"I thought I had the rights to The Lord of the Rings. I don't know how Jackson ended up with the rights." -Ralph Bakshi
"The best thing about animals is that they don't talk much." -Thornton Wilder
"I'm a woman, but I've been a sexist, too." -Julianna Baggott
"Meditation is the soul's perspective glass." -Owen Feltham
"I've always believed the words that came out of my mouth were most comfortable when I'd written them." -Bob Ehrlich
"I love going to the movies; I love watching good movie actors. They must know something I don't." -Uta Hagen
"We are so vain that we even care for the opinion of those we don't care for." -Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
"Just as one can compose colors, or forms, so one can compose motions." -Alexander Calder
"Before mobile phones, I used to call my parents from a phone box and reverse the charges." -Tamara Ecclestone
"I believe that a bad Super Bowl halftime show is still better than a soccer game." -Ron White
"Being short works for me." -Freema Agyeman
"The speed of the boss is the speed of the team." -Lee Iacocca
"I support myself. My wife and I together - it's all our household. I'm really proud of that." -Armie Hammer
"People like Elizabeth Dole have given too much power to the special interests." -Kay Hagan
"My dad had a movie theater so I was there every night." -Brion James
"People who want the most approval get the least and people who need approval the least get the most." -Wayne Dyer
"To himself everyone is immortal; he may know that he is going to die, but he can never know that he is dead." -Samuel Butler
"Beauty comes from the inside." -Kathy Ireland
"All writers write about the past, and I try to make it come alive so you can see what happened." -Ernest Gaines
"One may summon his philosophy when they are beaten in battle, not till then." -John Burroughs
"I'm for people bettering themselves, no matter who they are and where they are, doing all they can to be all they can be." -T. D. Jakes
"I'm a Midwesterner! Not being able to have a cheeseburger once in a while would be torture!" -Jessica Capshaw
"I never dislike anyone that I am in competition with. I welcome the challenge. Besides, I get along with just about everyone." -Dante Hall
"What we do during our working hours determines what we have; what we do in our leisure hours determines what we are." -George Eastman
"We midwives and physicians have a lot to teach each other." -Ina May Gaskin
"Aim high, and you won't shoot your foot off." -Phyllis Diller
"The slave girl is reared in an atmosphere of licentiousness and fear." -Harriet Ann Jacobs
"I'm obsessed with zombies. I like watching zombie movies and I read zombie books." -Kevin Bacon
"An ounce of mother is worth a pound of clergy." -Rudyard Kipling
"Effective leadership is not about making speeches or being liked; leadership is defined by results not attributes." -Peter Drucker
"The walls are the publishers of the poor." -Eduardo Galeano
"If I was in a refugee camp somewhere on the Pakistani border, of course I'd want to come to Australia." -Tony Abbott
"The idea of sitting at home, not making music, just makes me want to throw up." -Liam Gallagher
"Women must try to do things as men have tried. When they fail their failure must be but a challenge to others." -Amelia Earhart
"The Bible will keep you from sin, or sin will keep you from the Bible." -Dwight L. Moody
"Ninety-nine percent of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses." -George Washington Carver
"Risk is to do something that 99 percent of the time would be a failure." -Ferran Adria
"Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there." -Will Rogers
"No man goes before his time - unless the boss leaves early." -Groucho Marx
"Aim at heaven and you will get earth thrown in. Aim at earth and you get neither." -C. S. Lewis
"The business of life is learning that you can't lay down the terms." -Julian Fellowes
"I've often accused my grandchildren of never having seen one of my films." -Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.
"American public opinion is like an ocean, it cannot be stirred by a teaspoon." -Hubert H. Humphrey
"This is a feminist bookstore. There is no humor section." -John Callahan
"Never underestimate the power of human stupidity." -Robert A. Heinlein
"Wise men, when in doubt whether to speak or to keep quiet, give themselves the benefit of the doubt, and remain silent." -Napoleon Hill
"One of the reasons I was so unhappy for years was because I never embraced my emotions and I was trying to stay in control." -Demi Lovato
"I remember as a teen being able to eat more than my father. I was growing so fast and my body couldn't keep up." -Saskia de Brauw
"Never think that Jesus commanded a trifle, nor dare to trifle with anything He has commanded." -Dwight L. Moody
"To die will be an awfully big adventure." -James M. Barrie
"I'm vegetarian so eating right definitely gives me the energy you need." -Shannon Elizabeth
"People need motivation to do anything. I don't think human beings learn anything without desperation." -Jim Carrey
"Truth, like a torch, the more it's shook it shines." -William Hamilton
"You don't have to be naked to be sexy." -Nicole Kidman
"Success is important only to the extent that it puts one in a position to do more things one likes to do." -Sarah Caldwell
"Are we at last brought to such humiliating and debasing degradation, that we cannot be trusted with arms for our defense?" -Patrick Henry
"Man's liberty ends, and it ought to end, when that liberty becomes the curse of its neighbors." -Frederic William Farrar
"The culmination of three trophies was the pinnacle of my career and it has been rewarded with a knighthood." -Alex Ferguson
"The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself." -Mark Caine
"If you are blessed, you are blessed, whether you are married or single." -Greta Garbo
"What good to me is the festive garment of freedom when I am in a slave's smock at home?" -Johann Georg Hamann
"Shun all vice, especially card playing." -Nathan Hale
"If I was still at school, I'd be looking at Britney Spears and dying to be her." -Sheena Easton
"Corruption is a true enemy to development." -Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj
"A man's brain has a more difficult time shifting from thinking to feeling than a women's brain does." -Barbara de Angelis
"I love doing the fight stuff. It's the best." -Christa Campbell
"The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it." -Dale Carnegie
"If I have my health I can carry on. There will be a point when I do quit but I have absolutely no idea when that is." -Alex Ferguson
"I love Wal-Mart. You can put that down. I love Wal-Mart. My husband and I hang out there." -Viola Davis
"Whenever we're afraid, it's because we don't know enough. If we understood enough, we would never be afraid." -Earl Nightingale
"Nations, not least America, retain full command of their national forces." -Mike Jackson
"Happiness does not lie in happiness, but in the achievement of it." -Fyodor Dostoevsky
"When I'm alone, I can sleep crossways in bed without an argument." -Zsa Zsa Gabor
"I am favor of cutting taxes under any circumstances and for any excuse, for any reason, whenever it's possible." -Milton Friedman
"I think there's a part in each one of us that wants the impossible to happen, and that's what surprises are." -Gina Carano
"My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me." -Jim Valvano
"Relationships are a constant negotiation and balance." -Claire Danes
"In fact, Moon came on tour with us for a bit just before a big festival in Brighton, I think." -Neil Innes
"Nothing in all the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
"I've got a transcendental way of thinking about things. I've got a galactic self." -B.o.B
"I just don't see ABC letting go of soaps completely." -Michael Easton
"Work is toil: what one does only to earn a living. If it gives pleasure, it is leisure." -Mortimer Adler
"We are in a world that is quite extremist and extremism makes more noise. Normality does not sell." -Vicente del Bosque
"Just to eat is a gift." -Ferran Adria
"I never pictured myself as a telenovela galan - never imagined I'd be in a soap opera." -Jencarlos Canela
"I wouldn't mind doing Broadway, but I am definitely trying to get a album out there first." -Naima Adedapo
"The story of life is quicker than the blink of an eye, the story of love is hello, goodbye." -Jimi Hendrix
"Bands don't last. Bands don't last forever - it's a rarity when they do." -Jerry Cantrell
"When something exceeds your ability to understand how it works, it sort of becomes magical." -Jonathan Ive
"A second reason why science cannot replace judgement is the behavior of financial markets." -Martin Feldstein
"Life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have one." -Stella Adler
"I have a greater appreciation for kitchen appliances, having played one." -Anthony Daniels
"Death doesn't frighten me; now I can think peacefully of ending a long life." -Jeanne Calment
"I used to think that driving, sleepless, ambitious labor was what you needed to succeed." -Charles Kuralt
"Gary Allan has long been one of country's most reliably velvet-voiced beautiful losers." -Chuck Eddy
"Re-examine all that you have been told... dismiss that which insults your soul." -Walt Whitman
"For the Arabs in Israel there is always a tension between nationality and identity." -Mahmoud Darwish
"I've realised that at the top of the mountain, there's another mountain." -Andrew Garfield
"The idea of having Australians upset at me is just awful." -Craig Ferguson
"Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words will make me go in a corner and cry by myself for hours." -Eric Idle
"I think of feminism as a socially just and imaginative world." -Suheir Hammad
"I was fair-skinned in a country that's about the outdoors." -Nicole Kidman
"President Obama's biggest weakness is weakness." -Niall Ferguson
"I will speak with a straight tongue." -Chief Joseph
"I am happy to keep working on books because I'm always reading, and I'm always trying to fall in love." -Nina Jacobson
"Liking money like I like it, is nothing less than mysticism. Money is a glory." -Salvador Dali
"I moved to New York to do a play when I was 18." -John Gallagher, Jr.
"An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind." -Mahatma Gandhi
"'Freedom from fear' could be said to sum up the whole philosophy of human rights." -Dag Hammarskjold
"My addiction has always been beautiful women, being surrounded by them." -Corey Feldman
"People might not get all they work for in this world, but they must certainly work for all they get." -Frederick Douglass
"There is no greatness where there is no simplicity, goodness and truth." -Leo Tolstoy
"His ignorance was as remarkable as his knowledge." -Arthur Conan Doyle
"It's always been a dream for me to play a comic book character." -Celina Jade
"I always wonder whether I'll get treated differently with a different accent." -Jeremy Irvine
"There are times when I'm watching an NFL quarterback struggling to get through the game, and I get bitter to some extent." -Jeff Garcia
"The only thing wrong with immortality is that it tends to go on forever." -Herb Caen
"Death comes at you no matter what you do in this life, and to equate drugs with death is a facile comparison." -Jerry Garcia
"Captain is a good travelling name and so I take it." -George Farquhar
"It took me seventeen years to get three thousand hits in baseball. I did it in one afternoon on the golf course." -Hank Aaron
"I was a smart kid, but I hated school." -Eminem
"Act well your part, there all the honour lies." -Alexander Pope
"Life is a comedy when watching and a tragedy when experiencing. I try and share anything I have." -Eric Idle
"If you watch the news, you see politicians use human vulnerabilities to get in and earn people's trust." -Morena Baccarin
"Meditation is the life of the soul: Action, the soul of meditation; and honor the reward of action." -Francis Quarles
"I will share all of this with you whenever you wish." -Pierre de Fermat
"When a great artist gets my attention, I pursue it. If I don't, someone else will, you know what I'm saying?" -Larry Gagosian
"Now I know why tigers eat their young." -Al Capone
"Don't worry when you are not recognized, but strive to be worthy of recognition." -Abraham Lincoln
"Country music has the great stories." -Etta James
"Advertising is the art of convincing people to spend money they don't have for something they don't need." -Will Rogers
"Def Leppard is a rock band that can sing." -Vivian Campbell
"Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best." -Andrew Carnegie
"Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance." -Confucius
"I would have answered your letter sooner, but you didn't send one." -Goodman Ace
"The most important quality in a partner is a sense of humour." -Clare Balding
"The way I work, typically, I do everything at the very last minute." -Ayumi Hamasaki
"Writing doesn't come easily to me. It gets more and more difficult." -Elizabeth David
"Asia is not going to be civilized after the methods of the West. There is too much Asia and she is too old." -Rudyard Kipling
"We don't want to show our hand to the fan base or give up too much too early." -Anthony Michael Hall
"I'm just trying to play my best and have fun." -Miguel Cabrera
"We're very needy people, you know." -Alex Van Halen
"The best work is not what is most difficult for you; it is what you do best." -Jean-Paul Sartre
"We completed and released 'No Code' in 1996. We began some off and on touring for that release." -Jack Irons
"I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve." -J. R. R. Tolkien
"I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free." -Michelangelo
"London is like a girlfriend I loved, then really fell out with." -Lapo Elkann
"The big divide in this country is not between Democrats and Republicans, or women and men, but between talkers and doers." -Thomas Sowell
"Man only likes to count his troubles, but he does not count his joys." -Fyodor Dostoevsky
"For me, shoe-wise, platforms give me the same height that I need, but they're not as taxing on my feet." -Debby Ryan
"The best liar is he who makes the smallest amount of lying go the longest way." -Samuel Butler
"To the timid soul, nothing is possible." -John Bach
"Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. The fearful are caught as often as the bold." -Helen Keller
"Some days, I'd feel better with Punxsutawney Phil in the Oval Office - at least he doesn't lie about the weather." -Molly Ivins
"For me, it's a great thing to tell people anything is possible. When I was 15, people told me 'You're not going to be a DJ.'" -Afrojack
"Imagine for yourself a character, a model personality, whose example you determine to follow, in private as well as in public." -Epictetus
"Sex without love is merely healthy exercise." -Robert A. Heinlein
"If you study the Talmud you please God even more than you do by praying or fasting." -Abraham Cahan
"It's such a pleasurable experience to look back, and all of the fun I had just comes rushing back." -Jenna Elfman
"God forbid that women have fantasies." -E. L. James
"There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still." -Franklin D. Roosevelt
"The best way of removing negativity is to laugh and be joyous." -David Icke
"I suppose my best attribute, if you want to call it that, is sincerity. I can sell sincerity because that's the way I am." -John Wayne
"A set is a Many that allows itself to be thought of as a One." -Georg Cantor
"I'm huge fan of 'Timeflies.'" -Adrienne Bailon
"The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision." -Helen Keller
"Modeling is a great beginning, but it's also a kind of trap if you have any ambition or a mind that needs to be stimulated." -Maud Adams
"The creator of the universe works in mysterious ways. But he uses a base ten counting system and likes round numbers." -Scott Adams
"Time itself comes in drops." -William James
"So the better my partner or my opposition, however you like to think about it, the better my game." -Jeremy Irons
"All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions." -Leonardo da Vinci
"Before I became a suspense novelist, I wrote romantic suspense as Alicia Scott." -Lisa Gardner
"One's destination is never a place but rather a new way of looking at things." -Henry Miller
"Patience and Diligence, like faith, remove mountains." -William Penn
"Good argument is intended to persuade another." -Barry Eisler
"I am, in fact, Superman. Every morning I wake up and go into a telephone booth and change my costume, and then go to work." -Stephen Daldry
"I had to see and feel and be with the thing that I wanted to write about." -Ernest Gaines
"We inhabit a universe that is characterized by diversity." -Desmond Tutu
"People still look at me as the champion and that's very important to me." -Marvin Hagler
"I don't get celebrities not understanding that the paparazzi are doing their job." -Stacey Dash
"The first dance performance I saw was Joffrey Ballet doing 'Billboards' to Prince." -Kyle Abraham
"Any movie I've ever made, the minute you walk on the set they tell you who's the person to buy it from." -Teri Garr
"It's not subtle or restrained. It's not any of the things you like to think apply to your acting." -Margaret Hamilton
"Age is something that doesn't matter, unless you are a cheese." -Luis Bunuel
"I'm just looking to get through the day." -Peter Falk
"I lived in Los Angeles in the '80s, which was not the best place to be." -Corey Haim
"I intentionally aided them by being there and blocking an avenue of escape for the victims." -Robert Iler
"There are different reasons to make movies." -Aaron Eckhart
"A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself." -Jim Morrison
"My father made sure I was treated equally with my brothers." -Joyce Banda
"All we are saying is give peace a chance." -John Lennon
"There is no such thing as failure. There are only results." -Tony Robbins
"It is the duty of every good officer to obey any orders given him by his commander in chief." -Nathan Hale
"Quality means doing it right when no one is looking." -Henry Ford
"Indignation must always be the answer to indignity. Reality is not destiny." -Eduardo Galeano
"God knows I gave my best in baseball at all times and no man on earth can truthfully judge me otherwise." -Shoeless Joe Jackson
"Teach a child what is wise, that is morality. Teach him what is wise and beautiful, that is religion!" -Thomas Huxley
"We must develop energy independence; we must Make It In America." -John Garamendi
"I never deviated from my grim determination to someday have all the money I needed and wanted." -Taylor Caldwell
"Some of my friends snowmobile. I'm a little scared of it." -Kevin Garnett
"It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society." -Jiddu Krishnamurti
"Knowledge has outstripped character development, and the young today are given an education rather than an upbringing." -Ilya Ehrenburg
"Prohibition has made nothing but trouble." -Al Capone
"Social progress can be measured by the social position of the female sex." -Karl Marx
"For me, I just try to make sure I eat enough and drink enough water and that's about it." -Matt Cameron
"I'm not the last of the old bosses. I'm the first of the new leaders." -Richard J. Daley
"What I want is to be number one." -Steve Prefontaine
"I'm desperate to work again. I've often had those periods, but two years was the longest." -Charlotte Gainsbourg
"I'm like a slow starter. Everything I've done has built, or has taken a while." -Greg Daniels
"Being in my best shape, my conditioning, it's something I pride myself in." -Carl Hagelin
"The essence of lying is in deception, not in words." -John Ruskin
"I mean, once work's out there it's meant to be used." -Kathy Acker
"When schools flourish, all flourishes." -Martin Luther
"If a man can beat you, walk him." -Satchel Paige
"Give me the luxuries of life and I will willingly do without the necessities." -Frank Lloyd Wright
"I am a part of all that I have met." -Alfred Lord Tennyson
"Any man can make mistakes, but only an idiot persists in his error." -Marcus Tullius Cicero
"Learn to think continentally." -Alexander Hamilton
"If there is no God, everything is permitted." -Fyodor Dostoevsky
"The Egyptian contribution to architecture was more concerned with remembering the dead than the living." -Stephen Gardiner
"I want you to like me, but I don't care if you don't." -Olivia Munn
"It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died. Rather we should thank God that such men lived." -George S. Patton
"Every great inspiration is but an experiment - though every experiment we know, is not a great inspiration." -Charles Ives
"One man can be a crucial ingredient on a team, but one man cannot make a team." -Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
"The universe as we know it is a joint product of the observer and the observed." -Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
"Don't be afraid to adapt new ingredients into your own techniques, and traditional ingredients into new recipes." -Jose Garces
"Who ever has no fixed opinions has no constant feelings." -Joseph Joubert
"Unless commitment is made, there are only promises and hopes... but no plans." -Peter Drucker
"I feel that there is nothing more truly artistic than to love people." -Vincent Van Gogh
"As a result, I've been portrayed as a cynical barbarian preying on the very clients I was charged to defend." -Jack Abramoff
"Anyone afraid of what he thinks television does to the world is probably just afraid of the world." -Clive James
"People see God every day, they just don't recognize him." -Pearl Bailey
"Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons." -R. Buckminster Fuller
"If you're injured, it changes the way you move. If you're injured, it changes the way you talk." -Darrell Hammond
"I would definitely love to continue acting, and I also really enjoy school, so I would like to balance the two somehow." -Kara Hayward
"You have to lift your head up out of the mud and just do it." -Teri Garr
"Never let your persistence and passion turn into stubbornness and ignorance." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
"As you know, low demand and high supply means a drop in value of anything, including the dollar." -Robert Kiyosaki
"The media are obsessed with spin doctors and with portraying them as a bad thing, yet seem addicted to our medicine." -Alastair Campbell
"A single lie destroys a whole reputation of integrity." -Baltasar Gracian
"I'm such an admirer, I am an admirer of villains, especially working with so many great ones." -Tom Felton
"Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed." -Dale Carnegie
"The notion of directing a film is the invention of critics - the whole eloquence of cinema is achieved in the editing room." -Orson Welles
"I like the challenges of doing different things. It keeps things fresh for me." -James Iha
"Nothing exists except atoms and empty space; everything else is opinion." -Democritus
"Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul." -Henry Ward Beecher
"People are scared to death of dying. I am the opposite." -Taylor Caldwell
"I just feel that the only power I have is setting a good example." -Geri Halliwell
"Good government is good politics." -Richard J. Daley
"The day may be approaching when the whole world will recognize woman as the equal of man." -Susan B. Anthony
"Theatre is where my passion lies - I just love it. I love watching it, and I love doing it." -Ben Daniels
"All my records have been written to be records, rather than writing a group of songs and seeing if they fit together." -Justin Townes Earle
"Somehow I wasn't completely crucified by the critics. I don't know how or why, I probably should've been." -Leif Garrett
"I dress for the image. Not for myself, not for the public, not for fashion, not for men." -Marlene Dietrich
"I certainly don't have any airs about myself." -Jamie Farr
"I have always been attracted to the cottage industry side of this business." -Derek Bailey
"And old affront will stir the heart Through years of rankling pain." -Jean Ingelow
"I stay true to myself and my style, and I am always pushing myself to be aware of that and be original." -Aaliyah
"Finishing a book is just like you took a child out in the back yard and shot it." -Truman Capote
"I am a conservationist. It is in my DNA." -Louis Bacon
"We are all faced with a series of great opportunities - brilliantly disguised as insoluble problems." -John W. Gardner
"Do not fear mistakes. You will know failure. Continue to reach out." -Benjamin Franklin
"With love and patience, nothing is impossible." -Daisaku Ikeda
"If anybody wanted to photograph my life, they'd get bored in a day." -Matt Damon
"The purpose of education is to replace an empty mind with an open one." -Malcolm Forbes
"Practice Golden-Rule 1 of Management in everything you do. Manage others the way you would like to be managed." -Brian Tracy
"He who draws noble delights from sentiments of poetry is a true poet, though he has never written a line in all his life." -George Sand
"But there are some wounds that can never be healed." -Helen Garner
"The greatest remedy for anger is delay." -Thomas Paine
"No cross no crown." -Francis Quarles
"It never troubles the wolf how many the sheep may be." -Virgil
"I don't generally like running. I believe in training by rising gently up and down from the bench." -Satchel Paige
"Acting is my career and activism is my passionate hobby. But acting is my livelihood." -William Baldwin
"History provides neither compensation for suffering nor penalties for wrong." -John Acton
"You eventually get used to looking at girls picking their leotards out of their bums and that sort of stuff." -Adam Garcia
"The Lord gave us two ends - one to sit on and the other to think with. Success depends on which one we use the most." -Ann Landers
"I always admire people who do commercials because they have to put together a beginning, a middle, and an end in 30 seconds." -Tony Hale
"A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you love yourself." -Josh Billings
"Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn't have the power to say yes." -Eleanor Roosevelt
"I drove long distances like the 24 hours of Le Mans for years. But even this racing is now over. I retired." -Jacky Ickx
"Thankfully, I was given a strong base by my parents, an understanding of who I was and my strength." -Kimberly Elise
"Communism doesn't work because people like to own stuff." -Frank Zappa
"Touch seems to be as essential as sunlight." -Diane Ackerman
"We have now recently launched the national integrity plan." -Abdullah Ahmad Badawi
"I like playing characters with internal problems." -Michael Eklund
"The flower which is single need not envy the thorns that are numerous." -Rabindranath Tagore
"I do Broadway because I refuse to succumb to the stereotypical things that Hollywood does to a performer." -Jamie Farr
"Was I a successful father? Maybe not. Was I a successful husband? Probably not. Was I a successful actor? Probably not." -Sid Haig
"As soon as I can afford a studio space, I'll paint again." -Max Cannon
"There is something in humility which strangely exalts the heart." -Saint Augustine
"I don't see a lot of films. I'm quite choosy, but there's certain films that stick out." -Christopher Eccleston
"Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it." -E. B. White
"Human behavior flows from three main sources: desire, emotion, and knowledge." -Plato
"Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If you're a man, you take it." -Malcolm X
"The true purpose of education is to teach a man to carry himself triumphant to the sunset." -Liberty Hyde Bailey
"We all get old, but I always say the skinny, pretty girls will be screwed." -Paloma Faith
"If you get anything creative going, then the work and play thing is the same thing, I feel." -Eddie Izzard
"If you live long enough, you'll see that every victory turns into a defeat." -Simone de Beauvoir
"There is no singing anymore, everything is yelling and shouting and rapping and that is real boring to a guy like me." -Sebastian Bach
"With Kubrick and most film directors, they are in complete control, but one can influence them." -Ken Adam
"You'll like this, not a lot, but you'll like it." -Paul Daniels
"There are members of the London press who seek to antagonise me, deliberately." -Alex Ferguson
"Where the people possess no authority, their rights obtain no respect." -George Bancroft
"I have a huge author crush on Stephen King. Have never met him. Would probably embarrass myself. But it would be worth it." -Lisa Gardner
"One hell of an outlay for a very small return, with most of them." -Glenda Jackson
"The trouble with the profit system has always been that it was highly unprofitable to most people." -E. B. White
"It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"An actor should never be larger than the film he's in." -Christian Bale
"I believe in prayer. It's the best way we have to draw strength from heaven." -Josephine Baker
"It doesn't matter who gets what. It's just a matter of doing what it takes to win." -Pau Gasol
"I had trouble distinguishing art from life. I don't now, and I feel much better!" -Donald Fagen
"When we have done our best, we should wait the result in peace." -John Lubbock
"Innovation, being avant garde, is always polemic." -Ferran Adria
"After a number of years dating, we decided we were good partners." -Melinda Gates
"Hug the shore; let others try the deep." -Virgil
"I've always been interested in invisible worlds, and I like to visit digital worlds, you know, any world that's imposed on us." -Leos Carax
"Whether it's on top of a phone booth or a $200 million soundstage, it's about stories." -Peter Gallagher
"All electoral laws in Europe are more democratic than they are in the United States." -Peter Camejo
"I believe that the greatest gift you can give your family and the world is a healthy you." -Joyce Meyer
"I met Leo Fender, who is the guru of all amplifiers, and he gave me a Stratocaster. He became a second father to me." -Dick Dale
"Modelling wasn't a passion of mine, so that made it get old kind of quickly. I was getting very frustrated." -Caitriona Balfe
"I really wanted to work and become independent." -Victoria Abril
"You aren't going to find anybody that's going to be successful without making a sacrifice and without perseverance." -Lou Holtz
"The world has changed profoundly since our programs were first established." -Kim Campbell
"Take a walk with a turtle. And behold the world in pause." -Bruce Feiler
"I have no want or desire to solo. I'd rather create melodies and accompanying parts." -Frank Iero
"A man may build himself a throne of bayonets, but he can't sit on it." -William Ralph Inge
"Those are my principles, and if you don't like them... well, I have others." -Groucho Marx
"All the people like us are we, and everyone else is They." -Rudyard Kipling
"Science by itself is about numbers, and it's about measuring things. It's very important but it's very dry." -James Balog
"You must stick to your conviction, but be ready to abandon your assumptions." -Denis Waitley
"Vision is the art of seeing what is invisible to others." -Jonathan Swift
"I'm one of these people that if I have a nice holiday - like I have had in Turkey repeatedly - I go back a lot." -Freema Agyeman
"Maybe one day there will finally be an education for electronic music." -Afrojack
"Minimum sales prices for alcohol are a startlingly bad idea. As with excise duties, the effects are regressive." -Nigel Farage
"Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is God's gift, that's why we call it the present." -Joan Rivers
"Nolan Ryan is pitching much better now that he has his curve ball straightened out." -Joe Garagiola
"A world without nuclear weapons would be less stable and more dangerous for all of us." -Margaret Thatcher
"I can get a firestorm going anywhere in the United States by saying 'O.J.'" -F. Lee Bailey
"Going off the road just leaves me more time to be a writer." -Janis Ian
"Because there are a lot of big cities in the world, people who live in cities have become more isolated than ever." -Toyo Ito
"People make up rumors and put them on the Internet." -Shiloh Fernandez
"I used to be very routine-based and the new thing in my life is not having a clear, full-time existence." -Alastair Campbell
"I'm a dreamer. I have to dream and reach for the stars, and if I miss a star then I grab a handful of clouds." -Mike Tyson
"When I die, I want people to play my music, go wild and freak out and do anything they want to do." -Jimi Hendrix
"Everything has its wonders, even darkness and silence, and I learn, whatever state I may be in, therein to be content." -Helen Keller
"Stepping up a gear during any race is not an easy thing to do." -Michael East
"In life you need to take a risk." -Stefano Gabbana
"It's every little girl's dream to have an exact look-alike doll. It's amazing." -Bindi Irwin
"I shoot my big mouth off; it just pops up! I have to learn to edit myself." -Marianne Faithfull
"Knowledge should be a public good, and I want my ideas to have as much exposure as possible." -Sheena Iyengar
"Not everybody goes to movies to get their life changed." -Samuel L. Jackson
"The misfortune of the wise is better than the prosperity of the fool." -Epicurus
"For some reason, I always get offered plays when I'm doing plays and then, if I stop doing them, people stop asking me." -Mark Gatiss
"I always respect a woman." -Enrique Iglesias
"I would rather discover one true cause than gain the kingdom of Persia." -Democritus
"My features are completely ethnic." -Naomi Campbell
"God loves to help him who strives to help himself." -Aeschylus
"To forgive is to set a prisoner free and discover that the prisoner was you." -Lewis B. Smedes
"Do right. Do your best. Treat others as you want to be treated." -Lou Holtz
"But I will never stop helping and loving people the way Jesus said to." -Michael Jackson
"Great art is the expression of a solution of the conflict between the demands of the world without and that within." -Edith Hamilton
"God is at home, it's we who have gone out for a walk." -Meister Eckhart
"Better to be disliked than pitied." -Abba Eban
"Patience has its limits. Take it too far, and it's cowardice." -George Jackson
"President Obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people." -Clint Eastwood
"For me, as a beginning novelist, all other living writers form a control group for whom the world is a placebo." -Nicholson Baker
"One is not born a woman, but becomes one." -Simone de Beauvoir
"I think Jim got screwed. I think Jim Bakker would have been a great preacher. Jim Bakker was very good at what he did." -Jessica Hahn
"No memory is ever alone; it's at the end of a trail of memories, a dozen trails that each have their own associations." -Louis L'Amour
"As God as my witness, they said, We're above the law. There's nothing you can do to us. You're just a church secretary." -Jessica Hahn
"I wanted to learn how to skate backwards and they wouldn't help me and they went off and left me on my own." -Dorothy Hamill
"I really like one-on-one, rich relationships." -Kate Bosworth
"In the presence of eternity, the mountains are as transient as the clouds." -Robert Green Ingersoll
"Every man who is high up likes to think that he has done it all himself, and the wife smiles and lets it go at that." -James M. Barrie
"We think too much and feel too little." -Charlie Chaplin
"If you have nothing to hide, there is no reason not to be transparent." -Mohamed ElBaradei
"I think you want to try every sport possible just to experience life." -Jose Canseco
"It's far better to buy a wonderful company at a fair price than a fair company at a wonderful price." -Warren Buffett
"I used to have a sort of spiky haircut and it just feels better to have short hair again." -Evan Dando
"Let them march all they want, as long as they continue to pay their taxes." -Alexander Haig
"I am a gay man who loves James Bond films and snooker - all kinds of working-class pursuits." -Mark Gatiss
"During my first month in Italy I lived a nomadic life." -Hugh Dalton
"I've been on the tour for many, many years. It's time for me to go now, before it's too late." -Stefan Edberg
"Each time dawn appears, the mystery is there in its entirety." -Rene Daumal
"It's inappropriate and vulgar and absolutely unacceptable to use your private life to sell anything commercially." -Lauren Bacall
"I was brought up to think a lot about food and have respect for it, both as medicine and something to eat and enjoy." -Tamsin Egerton
"I used to be a drinker but I found out how bad it was and I let it alone." -David Edwards
"My actual personality probably lies someplace between the two." -Edie Falco
"Vampires are always going to be sexy." -Jake Abel
"Ajax is an important development for Web applications, and its importance is only going to grow." -Jesse James Garrett
"I was four years old then, and I think it must have been the next summer that I first heard the voices." -Black Elk
"Making a movie takes a toll on your life because it's a commitment, so you put a lot on the back burner." -Michael Eklund
"Greater technological connectivity makes the world wider, and the walls of isolation - thinner." -Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj
"I know how to be funny to black audiences." -Brandon T. Jackson
"Everyone who plays the flute should learn singing." -James Galway
"My desk drawer is filled with all kinds of prayers." -Geraldine Ferraro
"Nine g's is good, if the pilot can stand it. We couldn't stand it. Not in the airplanes of World War II." -Adolf Galland
"If you can't get rid of the skeleton in your closet, you'd best teach it to dance." -George Bernard Shaw
"Corruption is something you face all the time. Avoid it." -Willem Dafoe
"That is when the crowd really lifted me. That last 600 meters I was not running with my own legs. It was incredible." -Ashton Eaton
"The duty of comedy is to correct men by amusing them." -Moliere
"I defend Israel's right to exist, to defend themselves, to not let themselves be exterminated a second time." -Oriana Fallaci
"I came into the world at the right time." -Helge Ingstad
"My collection has a whole new cut; they are based on the style of jeans my mum wore in Texas in the '70s." -Georgia May Jagger
"The sadness of the incomplete, the sadness that is often Life, but should never be Art." -E. M. Forster
"My advice is: if you've got to be miserable to write great music, then drive a truck." -Chris Isaak
"Some people around you don't mean you good." -Trick Daddy
"The art of medicine consists in amusing the patient while nature cures the disease." -Voltaire
"If you must break the law, do it to seize power: in all other cases observe it." -Julius Caesar
"Keeping score of old scores and scars, getting even and one-upping, always makes you less than you are." -Malcolm Forbes
"Too much truth is uncouth." -Franklin Pierce Adams
"In the '70s, everybody was doing drugs, so long as you showed up and did your work, they'd use you until you died." -Brion James
"When the line started to blur between the fans and the players, sometimes things can get ugly." -Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
"Not all those who wander are lost." -J. R. R. Tolkien
"Barack Obama is the most antibusiness president in a generation, perhaps in American history." -Dinesh D'Souza
"I'll definitely wear orange on the red carpet!" -Uzo Aduba
"I wish they would only take me as I am." -Vincent Van Gogh
"I couldn't be more blessed." -Armie Hammer
"Once a month, try something you don't think you'd be good at. You can find such happy surprises." -Dianna Agron
"We are not retreating - we are advancing in another direction." -Douglas MacArthur
"I am a firm believer in if you can't get it the old fashioned way, you don't need it." -Bo Jackson
"You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life." -Winston Churchill
"If there is such a thing as a good marriage, it is because it resembles friendship rather than love." -Michel de Montaigne
"The biggest disease this day and age is that of people feeling unloved." -Princess Diana
"When I love a book, I really love a book. You don't get that very often." -Nina Jacobson
"Happiness is that state of consciousness which proceeds from the achievement of one's values." -Ayn Rand
"I'm just a poor boy from the cornfields of Richmond, Virginia. I'm proud because I loved baseball and played with the best." -Ray Dandridge
"I have called this principle, by which each slight variation, if useful, is preserved, by the term of Natural Selection." -Charles Darwin
"Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you." -John Wooden
"All experience is an arch, to build upon." -Henry Adams
"Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?" -Richard Bach
"I think that anything that leads to creativity and good work is good." -Jon Favreau
"People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use." -Soren Kierkegaard
"I would never say never to returning to comedy." -Eric Bana
"I started to think of Grace of Monaco as a metaphor for women in general." -Olivier Dahan
"The time when most of you should withdraw into yourself is when you are forced to be in a crowd." -Epicurus
"It is my belief CAFTA will be beneficial for Alabama and the United States as a whole." -Spencer Bachus
"Negotiating in the classic diplomatic sense assumes parties more anxious to agree than to disagree." -Dean Acheson
"I've never been one to say that Britain was joining a happy band of brothers." -James Callaghan
"I do believe in sending positive messages. I am a Christian, so I do believe in a lot of positive messages." -Quinton Aaron
"It is often noted that it can be hard for democracies to fight wars because of changing public opinion." -Noah Feldman
"The more credit you give away, the more will come back to you. The more you help others, the more they will want to help you." -Brian Tracy
"I love Dead Ringers. A democratic set, the work was taken seriously." -Christopher Eccleston
"Thus the public use of reason and freedom is nothing but a dessert, a sumptuous dessert." -Johann Georg Hamann
"I don't know if you could take a whole 90 minutes and say that was the best game we ever played." -Lorrie Fair
"I am I plus my circumstances." -Jose Ortega y Gasset
"You can never have too many friends." -James Garner
"I once literally had a casting director ask my agent, 'Can she play anything other than a drunk?'" -Carla Gallo
"It matters little how much equipment we use; it matters much that we be masters of all we do use." -Sam Abell
"We seem to be made to suffer. It's our lot in life." -Anthony Daniels
"Some people like to paint trees. I like to paint love. I find it more meaningful than painting trees." -Robert Indiana
"Change brings opportunity." -Nido Qubein
"And when I breathed, my breath was lightning." -Black Elk
"Lis Sladen was very important to me, you know. When I joined the little world of 'Doctor Who', Lis was already a star." -Tom Baker
"I always related my favorite music to the movies." -Petra Haden
"Marriage is a bribe to make the housekeeper think she's a householder." -Thornton Wilder
"Losers are people who are afraid of losing." -Robert Kiyosaki
"I was a super tomboy growing up." -Britt Robertson
"Writing is like prostitution. First you do it for love, and then for a few close friends, and then for money." -Moliere
"The innocent and the beautiful have no enemy but time." -William Butler Yeats
"The world of the homeless is a tough and interesting world." -Paul Dano
"Being from Texas, I would say I favor a pair of jeans you can wear some boots with." -Jensen Ackles
"An economy growing at 7 percent per year, can and must find the resources to improve the lives of its millions of poor." -Sonia Gandhi
"It is not what a lawyer tells me I may do; but what humanity, reason, and justice tell me I ought to do." -Edmund Burke
"I am always fascinated by India." -Gary Ackerman
"I've only been doing this fifty-four years. With a little experience, I might get better." -Harry Caray
"Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe." -Voltaire
"The ultimate aim of the ego is not to see something, but to be something." -Muhammad Iqbal
"Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old." -Franz Kafka
"I think HTML5 is one area where Mozilla has done very poorly at actually communicating what we have done." -Mitchell Baker
"To whom it may concern: It is springtime. It is late afternoon." -Kurt Vonnegut
"Nobody cares how much you know, until they know how much you care." -Theodore Roosevelt
"I don't think silicone makes a girl good or bad." -James Caan
"I always thought I should base how good I am on how good I feel I am." -Neve Campbell
"'Beauty is truth, truth beauty,' - that is all ye know on earth, and all ye need to know." -John Keats
"Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer." -William S. Burroughs
"A race is a work of art that people can look at and be affected in as many ways they're capable of understanding." -Steve Prefontaine
"I'm going to go down swinging... I'm sure as heck not going to go home and say I had a bad tournament." -Andre Agassi
"I'm a huge dog nut - giant, giant." -Jill Abramson
"Billions of people have seen and been influenced by movies in the short history of this industry." -Conrad Hall
"Solitude is as needful to the imagination as society is wholesome for the character." -James Russell Lowell
"Consequences are unpitying." -George Eliot
"I'm not feeling very well - I need a doctor immediately. Ring the nearest golf course." -Groucho Marx
"The 50-50-90 rule: Anytime you have a 50-50 chance of getting something right, there's a 90% probability you'll get it wrong." -Andy Rooney
"Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you." -Thomas Jefferson
"Women rule our lives, don't they?" -Juan Manuel Fangio
"It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top." -Henry Ward Beecher
"In the first place, Descartes stands for the most explicit and uncompromising dualism between mind and matter." -James Mark Baldwin
"If I win, I'll take my wife and buy her a whole new wardrobe. If she's happy then I'll be happy." -Chris Daughtry
"There's so much competition for leisure time, more than ever." -Eric Fellner
"What we need is not more distrust and division. What we need now is acceptance." -Tom Daschle
"What if everything is an illusion and nothing exists? In that case, I definitely overpaid for my carpet." -Woody Allen
"I like things that start depressing and dark and end up romantic, and that's what I really loved about 'King Kong.'" -Petra Haden
"Teachers can change lives with just the right mix of chalk and challenges." -Joyce Meyer
"Plants and minerals are bound to predestination. The faithful is only bound to the Divine orders." -Muhammad Iqbal
"Christianity has always embraced both reason and faith." -Dinesh D'Souza
"A closed mind is a dying mind." -Edna Ferber
"I could have gone on flying through space forever." -Yuri Gagarin
"Southern Gothic is alive and well. It's not just a genre, it is a way of life." -Greg Iles
"Anybody who has interacted with me will definitely find me to be a chirpy person." -Abhishek Bachchan
"Vegetarian - that's an old Indian word meaning lousy hunter." -Andy Rooney
"I've had so much plastic surgery, when I die they will donate my body to Tupperware." -Joan Rivers
"The fullness of life is in the hazards of life." -Edith Hamilton
"When it comes to success, there are no shortcuts." -Bo Bennett
"The dew of compassion is a tear." -Lord Byron
"When what we are is what we want to be, that's happiness." -Malcolm Forbes
"Is a hippopotamus a hippopotamus, or just a really cool Opotamus?" -Mitch Hedberg
"Faith makes all things possible... love makes all things easy." -Dwight L. Moody
"If you look at yourself as a star, you've already lost something in the portrayal of any human being." -Gene Hackman
"It's all about the money." -Joseph Jackson
"I had a white senator call me a rag head, and I had an African-American legislator call me a conservative with a tan." -Nikki Haley
"I come from a young, hip-hop, urban world." -Brandon T. Jackson
"God chose what is weakest in the world to shame the strong." -Terry Eagleton
"It isn't what we don't know that gives us trouble, it's what we know that ain't so." -Will Rogers
"If you can make a girl laugh, you can make her do anything." -Marilyn Monroe
"Genuine poetry can communicate before it is understood." -T. S. Eliot
"So often is the virgin sheet of paper more real than what one has to say, and so often one regrets having marred it." -Harold Acton
"Love demands infinitely less than friendship." -George Jean Nathan
"What I love to do requires portraying different characters, and you have to separate your life from the role." -Natasha Calis
"In ballet a complicated story is impossible to tell... we can't dance synonyms." -George Balanchine
"Youth has no age." -Pablo Picasso
"The machine does not isolate man from the great problems of nature but plunges him more deeply into them." -Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"A comic, you have to be looking down at him. My favorite rooms, the audience is above the stage, stadium-style." -Buddy Hackett
"There are always wonderful mysteries to confront." -David Eagleman
"Unfortunately, a lot of executives aren't like producers, and can't hear the diamond in the rough." -Kenneth Edmonds
"I skate now for fun and to keep myself in shape." -Oksana Baiul
"I don't think you can have pain and soul-searching doing the right thing for your child." -Diane Abbott
"To the biologist the problem of socialism appears largely as a problem of size." -John B. S. Haldane
"Be like a duck. Calm on the surface, but always paddling like the dickens underneath." -Michael Caine
"Endure the present, and watch for better things." -Virgil
"Few bands in hard rock history have been so adept at balancing the awesome and trivial as Van Halen in their prime." -Chuck Eddy
"It's good to laugh at times that feel inappropriate." -Ina May Gaskin
"If you don't have any fight in you, you might as well be dead." -Scott Caan
"There is more pleasure in loving than in being beloved." -Thomas Fuller
"Nothing happens unless first we dream." -Carl Sandburg
"It is not the answer that enlightens, but the question." -Eugene Ionesco
"So much to do, so little done, such things to be." -Elizabeth Taylor
"Resolution One: I will live for God. Resolution Two: If no one else does, I still will." -Jonathan Edwards
"God cannot give us a happiness and peace apart from Himself, because it is not there. There is no such thing." -C. S. Lewis
"Hockey should have some appeal. It's a good game in that is full of action, very quick, and it can be high-scoring." -Casey Eastham
"Really, voice-over is great. If it paid as much as on camera work, it's all I'd ever do." -Diedrich Bader
"Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future." -John F. Kennedy
"I love to play; a stage is a safe place for me to be. It's not that way for most folks, but I'd be lost without it." -Rick Danko
"Perfect numbers like perfect men are very rare." -Rene Descartes
"Style is the hallmark of a temperament stamped upon the material at hand." -Andre Maurois
"If theatre paid as well as movies and TV, I'd do it all the time." -Tom Irwin
"In every religion there is an element of the supernatural, varying with the influence of pure reason over its devotees." -Charles Eastman
"A picture is the expression of an impression. If the beautiful were not in us, how would we ever recognize it?" -Ernst Haas
"Marriage is an adventure, like going to war." -Gilbert K. Chesterton
"You don't know when you are immersed in a book what the reaction to it will be, but I feel great about 'The Lake of Dreams.'" -Kim Edwards
"Live as if you were living a second time, and as though you had acted wrongly the first time." -Viktor E. Frankl
"There is nothing like staying at home for real comfort." -Jane Austen
"Men, no matter what their promises, rarely leave their spouses... the louses." -Yvonne De Carlo
"Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things." -George Carlin
"What do I love about acting? I love traveling, meeting new people, exploring and just doing what I love." -Bailee Madison
"If you bring a child into the world, you have a responsibility to that child in every sense of the word." -Stanley R. Jaffe
"It is better to light a candle than curse the darkness." -Eleanor Roosevelt
"The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary." -Vince Lombardi
"When your future arrives, will you blame your past?" -Robert Half
"It is not time for mirth and laughter, the cold, gray dawn of the morning after." -George Ade
"I keep thinking I'll enjoy suspense novels, and sometimes I do. I've read about 20 Dick Francis novels." -Nicholson Baker
"It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit." -Harry S Truman
"If you live to be one hundred, you've got it made. Very few people die past that age." -George Burns
"As a painter, it seemed easier to sort of disappear." -Troy Garity
"In fact, I'm a geek." -Kelli Garner
"You have to find something there that relates to the characters and reality on some level." -Victor Garber
"I think a challenge for myself is to see how many times I can get above 9,000. That would be a good challenge." -Ashton Eaton
"Adventure is not outside man; it is within." -George Eliot
"Our life always expresses the result of our dominant thoughts." -Soren Kierkegaard
"Every city is always changing, on its own trajectory." -Olafur Eliasson
"No man's knowledge here can go beyond his experience." -John Locke
"Our species needs, and deserves, a citizenry with minds wide awake and a basic understanding of how the world works." -Carl Sagan
"You can never guess or assume what anyone is going to think." -J. J. Abrams
"The same thing happened today that happened yesterday, only to different people." -Walter Winchell
"There are those who look at things the way they are, and ask why... I dream of things that never were, and ask why not?" -Robert Kennedy
"The best thing about the future is that it comes only one day at a time." -Dean Acheson
"A holy day, after all, is a day for considering everything you otherwise think too little about." -Pico Iyer
"We should be trying to make education less expensive, not more." -Bob Inglis
"I've always loved a challenge." -Lana Turner
"A manager doesn't hear the cheers." -Alvin Dark
"A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous." -Ingrid Bergman
"As people are walking all the time, in the same spot, a path appears." -John Locke
"But I'm not an artist. Maybe an artist with a small a." -John Galliano
"Video games offer violent messages, and even the sports video games include taunting and teasing." -Geoffrey Canada
"Schizophrenia is hearing voices, not doing voices." -Maria Bamford
"I expected results." -Bernard Ebbers
"I've learned sometimes you just have to take the bad from people." -Darrell Hammond
"The marble not yet carved can hold the form of every thought the greatest artist has." -Michelangelo
"A good deal of tyranny goes by the name of protection." -Crystal Eastman
"Democracy fascinates me." -Lee H. Hamilton
"You've got to be honest; if you can fake that, you've got it made." -George Burns
"It was not an asteroid or comet, because it would have killed everything." -Robert T. Bakker
"You want me to own a team and deal with these rich, spoiled stubborn athletes, and try to get them to perform? No thank you." -Kobe Bryant
"Virtually nothing is impossible in this world if you just put your mind to it and maintain a positive attitude." -Lou Holtz
"Right now I'm pretty single... My career is my boyfriend." -Christina Aguilera
"It is better to travel well than to arrive." -Buddha
"We give each other a hard time, but no pranks." -George Eads
"A thick skin is a gift from God." -Konrad Adenauer
"The creation of a thousand forests is in one acorn." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"I contend that it's impossible to read the Sermon on the Mount and not come out against capital punishment." -Tony Campolo
"Though there are some disagreeable things in Venice there is nothing so disagreeable as the visitors." -Henry James
"I mostly drive around in a Fiat 500 TwinAir, and that's a pretty small car!" -Richard Hammond
"It would almost be sinful to say that I regretted doing 'Charlie's Angels' because it did so much for my career." -Farrah Fawcett
"I think of New Yorkers as not taking the time to talk to someone they don't know." -Carla Hall
"It's good for people to believe in causes larger than themselves." -Michael Ignatieff
"May your divinity, Lord, take pleasure in me and lead me above the world to be with you." -Isaac of Nineveh
"A rejection is nothing more than a necessary step in the pursuit of success." -Bo Bennett
"Jesus never said anything about homosexuality." -Patricia Ireland
"I have eighteen titles in the German language. I had a number one song in 1965." -Wanda Jackson
"As a teacher, my strategy is to encourage questioning. I'm the least authoritarian professor you'll ever meet." -Niall Ferguson
"I am hopeful for the American people that we can actually improve the outlook for bringing down costs in health care." -Eric Cantor
"Learn from your mistakes and build on your successes." -John C. Calhoun
"You just write about things that happen." -Alan Jackson
"From 1958 to 1964, that's real rock n' roll. Then the Beatles hit and everyone sounded like them." -Wolfman Jack
"Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness." -Baltasar Gracian
"If the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led, like sheep to the slaughter." -George Washington
"I grew up in suburban New Jersey in a transitional area that was surrounded by farmland that wasn't being cultivated." -James Balog
"The recipe for success is a tried and true one here in Rhode Island - innovation, reform, public service." -Donald L. Carcieri
"Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games." -Babe Ruth
"If you read quickly to get through a poem to what it means, you have missed the body of the poem." -M. H. Abrams
"I think everyone feels lost at times during their high school years." -Linda Cardellini
"I can't drink whiskey like I used to back then, that's for sure." -Sebastian Bach
"When the mind withdraws into itself and dispenses with facts it makes only chaos." -Edith Hamilton
"I am never writing a breakup record again, by the way. I'm done with being a bitter witch." -Adele
"Unemployment is capitalism's way of getting you to plant a garden." -Orson Scott Card
"Men are just as sensitive, and in some ways more sensitive, than women are." -Barbara de Angelis
"My films do have characters who have trouble escaping the world around them." -Lasse Hallstrom
"All I need to make a comedy is a park, a policeman and a pretty girl." -Charlie Chaplin
"I'm in favor of immigration but we also need rules." -Gary Ackerman
"Man is the only kind of varmint sets his own trap, baits it, then steps in it." -John Steinbeck
"I can think of some things that would be fun, but I'm living my dreams." -Mike Farrell
"I don't like parties. There was never a party I was at where I didn't wish I was somewhere else." -Peter Capaldi
"Love is life. And if you miss love, you miss life." -Leo Buscaglia
"Patriots don't let their nation default." -Gary Ackerman
"Always turn a negative situation into a positive situation." -Michael Jordan
"We all have possibilities we don't know about. We can do things we don't even dream we can do." -Dale Carnegie
"But the attitude of faith is to let go, and become open to truth, whatever it might turn out to be." -Alan Watts
"Being the 8th out of 10 kids, and being the one that stayed in trouble, I sort of became a momma's boy." -Bo Jackson
"If people are worried about the size of their trailers, I kind of say their priorities are off." -Taylor Hackford
"Losers make promises they often break. Winners make commitments they always keep." -Denis Waitley
"We Jews have a secret weapon in our struggle with the Arabs; we have no place to go." -Golda Meir
"Neither should a ship rely on one small anchor, nor should life rest on a single hope." -Epictetus
"I had a world of people raising me; it was like a little village." -Gaby Hoffmann
"The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom." -Isaac Asimov
"You never get time at Working Title, sadly, to enjoy any film's success, because you're worrying about the next lot." -Eric Fellner
"Just because you have teenagers in a movie doesn't make it a teen movie." -Brendan Fehr
"I have always drawn strength from being close to home." -Arthur Ashe
"If one is to be called a liar, one may as well make an effort to deserve the name." -A. A. Milne
"I wanted to have a political career. I thought studying political science would be the best way to achieve it." -Bianca Jagger
"The best politics is no politics." -Henry M. Jackson
"Kings in this world should imitate God, their mercy should be above their works." -William Penn
"I think it's sexy when someone makes a statement that says, 'This is who I am. This is what I think is sexy.'" -Carmen Electra
"Today I must write a paragraph or a page better than I did yesterday." -Ernest Gaines
"There are worse crimes than burning books. One of them is not reading them." -Ray Bradbury
"No central planning, no autocratic rule and no military regime can produce what free man can do." -Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj
"I can sing, but my voice is untrained. I'd like to do a musical someday." -Sherilyn Fenn
"Service is the rent we pay for being. It is the very purpose of life, and not something you do in your spare time." -Marian Wright Edelman
"I have nothing to say, I am saying it, and that is poetry." -John Cage
"Ultimately, we wish the joy of perfect union with the person we love." -Mortimer Adler
"Even in past years, when I wasn't in the Super Bowl, I wished I was." -Brett Favre
"I see the world become so uniform. Everybody has to be the same. I like people who are different." -Eric Cantona
"Nature always wears the colors of the spirit." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The unhappy derive comfort from the misfortunes of others." -Aesop
"My best idea was to not accept my wife's negative reaction when I asked her to marry me." -Michael Eisner
"I shoot, I score. He shoots, I score." -Dan Gable
"Keep good company - that is, go to the Louvre." -Paul Cezanne
"My father's Jewish, so my world is Jewish whenever I go home." -Ben Feldman
"The real leader has no need to lead - he is content to point the way." -Henry Miller
"I prefer highs and lows to an even keel. Moderation is never something I've been good at." -Jenny Eclair
"And as he spoke of understanding, I looked up and saw the rainbow leap with flames of many colors over me." -Black Elk
"Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door." -Coco Chanel
"Of course, my faith has a lot to do with being able to be public without being a public nuisance." -Yolanda Adams
"A generation of children has been betrayed." -William Hague
"The unexamined life is not worth living." -Socrates
"Logic works, metaphysics contemplates." -Joseph Joubert
"I have had a great deal of interaction with Koreans and feel a fairly strong bond with Korea." -Joichi Ito
"I'm worth more dead than alive. Don't cry for me after I'm gone; cry for me now." -Marlene Dietrich
"I feel that if you are blessed, or lucky enough, to be doing well, you should help others." -Laurell K. Hamilton
"I'd like to write a history, maybe of the Reformation." -Jane Haddam
"I've read some of your modern free verse and wonder who set it free." -John Barrymore
"I was very sporty at school, and sport was probably the thing I was best at, but my real passion was for fashion." -Kirsty Gallacher
"Cancer is the ultimate nemesis that hangs in the balance for one in three women and one in two men in their lifetime." -David Agus
"Fatherhood is the most amazing thing that could ever have happened in my life." -Corey Feldman
"What a sense of superiority it gives one to escape reading some book which everyone else is reading." -Alice James
"I am going to do everything I can to clear my name." -Michael Irvin
"Future. That period of time in which our affairs prosper, our friends are true and our happiness is assured." -Ambrose Bierce
"You have to attempt to be objective about yourself." -Charles Dance
"Man is an imagining being." -Gaston Bachelard
"I design my start-up ventures around my own personal beliefs and values." -Cindy Gallop
"My focus is to forget the pain of life. Forget the pain, mock the pain, reduce it. And laugh." -Jim Carrey
"After I left LA... it was like waking up. And so I moved back east and stopped auditioning." -Casey Affleck
"We're doing Circle of Snakes, we open up with Skin Carver and we are throwing in Skull Forest later on." -Glenn Danzig
"Most of today's black convicts have come to understand that they are the most abused victims of an unrighteous order." -George Jackson
"Moon rocks are OK when everyone is eating." -Goodman Ace
"If you can't dazzle them with brilliance, baffle them with bull." -W. C. Fields
"I mostly don't submit to talking about my work because I would like another talk about real life." -Leos Carax
"It doesn't matter what age you are, an effective song will move you." -Britt Daniel
"Change your thoughts and you change your world." -Norman Vincent Peale
"You can't start worrying about what's going to happen. You get spastic enough worrying about what's happening now." -Lauren Bacall
"When a man keeps beating me to the draw mentally, he begins to get glamorous." -Zora Neale Hurston
"The only rock I know that stays steady, the only institution I know that works, is the family." -Lee Iacocca
"Talent can be developed, gift is God-given. But artists have both." -Carroll O'Connor
"By plucking her petals, you do not gather the beauty of the flower." -Rabindranath Tagore
"I've always been fairly confident in my acting." -Jason Gann
"Compassion is a two way street." -Frank Capra
"A conservative is a liberal who's been mugged, and a libertarian is a conservative who's been indicted." -Jack Abramoff
"Discussing economic reforms in Serbia is futile." -Ivica Dacic
"The struggle of my life created empathy - I could relate to pain, being abandoned, having people not love me." -Oprah Winfrey
"The man that thinks he loves his mistress for her own sake is mightily mistaken." -Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"Hope is the only bee that makes honey without flowers." -Robert Green Ingersoll
"It's mostly the financial chicanery that's going on. People are saying 'What kind of trust can we put in this market?'" -Mike Farrell
"I'm unfortunately very verbose too often." -Josh Gad
"Medicine is my lawful wife and literature my mistress; when I get tired of one, I spend the night with the other." -Anton Chekhov
"Thoughts are the shadows of our feelings - always darker, emptier and simpler." -Friedrich Nietzsche
"Democracy is the road to socialism." -Karl Marx
"There are many men of principle in both parties in America, but there is no party of principle." -Alexis de Tocqueville
"A smile is the universal welcome." -Max Eastman
"There are plenty of difficult obstacles in your path. Don't allow yourself to become one of them." -Ralph Marston
"No other offense has ever been visited with such severe penalties as seeking to help the oppressed." -Clarence Darrow
"Life is a tragedy when seen in close-up, but a comedy in long-shot." -Charlie Chaplin
"When I was a boy, the neighbours all knew who I was because I'd take a ball with me everywhere I went." -Isco
"A mistake is to commit a misunderstanding." -Bob Dylan
"Twinkle, twinkle little bat How I wonder what you're at! Up above the world you fly, Like a tea-tray in the sky." -Lewis Carroll
"To keep your character intact you cannot stoop to filthy acts. It makes it easier to stoop the next time." -Katharine Hepburn
"We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful what we pretend to be." -Kurt Vonnegut
"Business is a combination of war and sport." -Andre Maurois
"There is no glory in battle worth the blood it costs." -Dwight D. Eisenhower
"I love my daddy. My daddy's everything. I hope I can find a man that will treat me as good as my dad." -Lady Gaga
"I love playing Chekhov. That's the hardest; that's why I love it most." -Uta Hagen
"No matter what the role, you're trying to do the impossible - make a living in show business." -Peter Gallagher
"This is where I have wasted the best years of my life." -Greta Garbo
"Music is the shorthand of emotion." -Leo Tolstoy
"I don't mind a crowd's not laughing; it's the groans that slow down the show." -Dave Attell
"You just can't beat the person who never gives up." -Babe Ruth
"Computers themselves, and software yet to be developed, will revolutionize the way we learn." -Steve Jobs
"Excuse me while I kiss the sky." -Jimi Hendrix
"I've never been supercritical about my body." -Carrie Ann Inaba
"I took pleasure when I could. I acted clearly and morally and without regret. I'm very lucky." -Jeanne Calment
"The ballet is a purely female thing; it is a woman, a garden of beautiful flowers, and man is the gardener." -George Balanchine
"The fact that an opinion has been widely held is no evidence whatever that it is not utterly absurd." -Bertrand Russell
"I have my life, my world. I do what I want, without annoying anyone." -Mario Balotelli
"There's a little good and bad in everyone. Everybody I've ever loved is very complicated." -Edie Falco
"There is a land of the living and a land of the dead and the bridge is love, the only survival, the only meaning." -Thornton Wilder
"Thinking well to be wise: planning well, wiser: doing well wisest and best of all." -Malcolm Forbes
"A photograph is usually looked at - seldom looked into." -Ansel Adams
"Girls in my school were always prettier." -Bridget Hall
"I am angry about the world's conditions for black people." -Brenda Fassie
"In economics, the majority is always wrong." -John Kenneth Galbraith
"You either mellow at 30, or your head explodes - take your choice." -Laurell K. Hamilton
"I came from the music business, which reputedly has the biggest egos, but I really think the airline world caps it." -Tony Fernandes
"Tact: to lie about others as you would have them lie about you." -Oliver Herford
"We know too much, and are convinced of too little. Our literature is a substitute for religion, and so is our religion." -T. S. Eliot
"The task of the modern educator is not to cut down jungles, but to irrigate deserts." -C. S. Lewis
"I've always been a bit of a car freak." -Eric Bana
"You better cut the pizza in four pieces because I'm not hungry enough to eat six." -Yogi Berra
"William Trevor is an author I admire; his stories are subtle and powerful, and beautifully written." -Kim Edwards
"Don't blame the marketing department. The buck stops with the chief executive." -John D. Rockefeller
"I had post-traumatic amnesia, five-second memory, it happens as a result of brain injury." -Richard Hammond
"I've been reckless, but I'm not a rebel without a cause." -Angelina Jolie
"Growing up, I've enjoyed hunting with my father." -Dale Earnhardt
"Nobody gets into a band and thinks they're going to have a 30-year career." -Scott Ian
"When you start about family, about lineage and ancestry, you are talking about every person on earth." -Alex Haley
"The only way to fight a thing like 50 is to stay au courant if it kills you." -Herb Caen
"I have a woman's body and a child's emotions." -Elizabeth Taylor
"Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self-control; these three alone lead one to sovereign power." -Alfred Lord Tennyson
"My sun sets to rise again." -Robert Browning
"Technological discoveries are the spermatozoa of social change." -C. L. R. James
"1913 wasn't a very good year. 1913 gave us the income tax, the 16th amendment and the IRS." -Ron Paul
"You win some, lose some, and wreck some." -Dale Earnhardt
"If I tried to flirt with a woman and she didn't know who I was, she would run away." -Larry David
"I was a pretty good coach and working with marketing was like coaching." -Bernard Ebbers
"I wouldn't live with me, believe me. I'm moody." -Mario Cantone
"There is a volatile mix, and that's because we're all intense. And there's no denying that." -Alex Van Halen
"Failure is instructive. The person who really thinks learns quite as much from his failures as from his successes." -John Dewey
"These are international criminals, and the spineless Democrats are doing nothing about it." -Lawrence Ferlinghetti
"Looking at yourself in a mirror isn't exactly a study of life." -Lauren Bacall
"I used to be absolutely addicted to the gym and I do still love it." -Freema Agyeman
"And I have a couple swimsuit calendars I did that are coming out." -Trishelle Cannatella
"I want people to look at my films and say 'Wow, she's a good actress', and I know I'll have to work hard for that." -Bella Thorne
"Four things for success: work and pray, think and believe." -Norman Vincent Peale
"All satire is blind to the forces liberated by decay. Which is why total decay has absorbed the forces of satire." -Theodor Adorno
"The only normal people are the ones you don't know very well." -Alfred Adler
"Swimmers provide much healthier role models for teenagers than the catwalk." -Clare Balding
"The highest qualities of character... must be earned." -Lyman Abbott
"Parents forgive their children least readily for the faults they themselves instilled in them." -Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
"I think like a detective." -Laurell K. Hamilton
"We should confine booing in sports arenas to sport. I love a good boo as much as the next football fan." -Alastair Campbell
"I'd rather buy something that is relatively depressed than something that is relatively high." -Marc Faber
"When I'm pushed, I shove." -James Garner
"Women are nothing but machines for producing children." -Napoleon Bonaparte
"Be tenacious. Get as much stage time as possible." -Ana Gasteyer
"The public likes to think that women only care about contraception." -Nikki Haley
"In health care today, we spend most of the dollars - in terms of treating disease - in the last two years of a person's life." -David Agus
"A kiss is a secret told to the mouth instead of the ear; kisses are the messengers of love and tenderness." -Ingrid Bergman
"The rich swell up with pride, the poor from hunger." -Sholom Aleichem
"Much of the debate over global warming is predicated on fear, rather than science." -James Inhofe
"Customers are very demanding and well informed." -Stefano Gabbana
"Any child soldier has to go through a lot of love, care and understanding to become normal." -Emmanuel Jal
"Well, paycheck protection is an important ingredient for a successful campaign finance reform measure." -Andrew Card
"Cotton is my life." -Billy Baldwin
"The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his." -George S. Patton
"No pleasure has any savor for me without communication." -Michel de Montaigne
"You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it." -Margaret Thatcher
"It is not these well-fed long-haired men that I fear, but the pale and the hungry-looking." -Julius Caesar
"We have found a strange footprint on the shores of the unknown." -Arthur Eddington
"There are a million ways of arriving at a performance, any number of them solid." -Ali Farahnakian
"Love knows not distance; it hath no continent; its eyes are for the stars." -Gilbert Parker
"I'm a pushover. I make allowances for people if I like them." -Zaha Hadid
"I never set out to write a certain kind of song, I just play my guitar and see if I catch something." -Chris Isaak
"I have always looked upon decay as being just as wonderful and rich an expression of life as growth." -Henry Miller
"Leave history to historians." -Ali Babacan
"Spend some time this weekend on home improvement; improve your attitude toward your family." -Bo Bennett
"Jealousy is cruel as the grave: the coals thereof are coals of fire." -Solomon Ibn Gabirol
"Not only do I never lie, I never respond to lies, no matter how vicious, no matter how hurtful." -Paula Abdul
"In faith there is enough light for those who want to believe and enough shadows to blind those who don't." -Blaise Pascal
"I love the fast lane." -Eva Gabor
"The prehistorical and primitive period represents the true infancy of the mind." -James Mark Baldwin
"If you wish to be a success in the world, promise everything, deliver nothing." -Napoleon Bonaparte
"I am going to leave everything on the field. I am going everywhere, and I am going to listen to everybody." -Jay Inslee
"If I'd been a rock star, I'd probably now be dead." -Rhys Ifans
"You should never give up your inner self." -Clint Eastwood
"Boulder was my U.S. base for the better part of 20 years, and it will always have a special place in my heart." -Tyler Hamilton
"It's mostly directors whom I get starstruck around." -Sarah Gadon
"My goal has always been longevity. Not fame and fortune, just get a job and keep it." -James Garner
"The first treasure California began to surrender after the Gold Rush as the oldest: her land." -John Jakes
"I think it was Freud who said that we're all arrested at a certain age. For me, it was always 13." -Megan Abbott
"I'm engaging my diaphragm as I'm speaking to you right now." -Lesley Garrett
"Nothing makes you more tolerant of a neighbor's noisy party than being there." -Franklin P. Jones
"You gotta try your luck at least once a day, because you could be going around lucky all day and not even know it." -Jimmy Dean
"You must do the things you think you cannot do." -Eleanor Roosevelt
"Christmas is a holiday that persecutes the lonely, the frayed, and the rejected." -Jimmy Cannon
"I had a lot of time to think in the service; I swore that, if I survived, nothing would keep me from an acting career." -Norman Fell
"It's people's worst fantasy to see their partner kissing someone else, even though it's a job and it's not real." -Hayley Atwell
"I can't see myself just endlessly singing the same songs over and over again." -Sade Adu
"I prefer to sing in the shower because the acoustics make you sound great, baby." -Naima Adedapo
"To surrender to ignorance and call it God has always been premature, and it remains premature today." -Isaac Asimov
"You should be able to have good matches against anybody." -Charlie Haas
"Children need models rather than critics." -Joseph Joubert
"I don't know what the future may hold, but I know who holds the future." -Ralph Abernathy
"Who would have thought that in the 1950s, Burbank was a hotbed of international espionage?" -Annie Jacobsen
"There is something that is much more scarce, something rarer than ability. It is the ability to recognize ability." -Robert Half
"My own suspicion is that the universe is not only queerer than we suppose, but queerer than we can suppose." -John B. S. Haldane
"I have always been fascinated by the supernatural elements in stories, whether fairy tales, myths, film or literature." -Trudi Canavan
"My maternal desires are fully satisfied with my dogs." -Elisabetta Canalis
"Stuff happens when you are a kid; it scars you inside for life." -Corey Haim
"I am an actor and I live in the world of pretend in my working capacity. I live in the world of my imagination." -Derek Jacobi
"I went to university and I was a bit out of my depth, socially." -Jason Isaacs
"If you can't believe a little in what you see on the screen, it's not worth wasting your time on cinema." -Serge Daney
"Girls are more attractive to me than dresses." -David Bailey
"It's much like writing a screenplay with someone else and that's how we view it, I think." -Christopher Darden
"Don't be an art critic. Paint. There lies salvation." -Paul Cezanne
"It is a natural gift I was born with but it's something I've had to nurture in training." -Michael East
"Wisconsin's a special place." -Brett Favre
"The solution often turns out more beautiful than the puzzle." -Richard Dawkins
"I was never really a big presence in the home." -Dick Ebersol
"I'm kind of like a relic from another era." -George Hamilton
"We come to know best what men are, in their worse jeopardizes." -Samuel Daniel
"Most governments lie to each other. That's the way business gets done." -Robert M. Gates
"If you have only one life, you can't altogether ignore the question: are you enjoying it?" -Sebastian Faulks
"Our first Prime Minister saw a country that would be known for its generosity of spirit. And so it is." -Kim Campbell
"All women should know how to take care of children. Most of them will have a husband some day." -Franklin P. Jones
"Man's capacity for justice makes democracy possible, but man's inclination to injustice makes democracy necessary." -Reinhold Niebuhr
"I love mixing amateurs and professionals." -Lasse Hallstrom
"I skated in ice shows all over Europe and South Africa for 20 years. I love to ice skate." -Kenny Baker
"Don't work for recognition, but do work worthy of recognition." -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"We're a gumbo of American music, and aren't ashamed to play pop or soul or rock because we all grew up on radio." -Jonathan Cain
"I'd like to consider myself a versatile skater and I like to skate to different kinds of music." -Oksana Baiul
"I'm going to marry a Jewish woman because I like the idea of getting up Sunday morning and going to the deli." -Michael J. Fox
"The real cause of personal existence is not the favor of the Almighty, but the sexual love of one's earthly parents." -Ernst Haeckel
"Occupy yourself in beholding and bewailing your own imperfections rather than contemplating the imperfections of others." -Saint Ignatius
"What I want out of tennis is not necessarily just winning." -Jennifer Capriati
"In reality drilling is the slowest, dirtiest, and most expensive way to solve our energy crisis." -Lois Capps
"I met my wife by breaking two of my rules: never date a girl seriously that you meet at a nightclub and never date a fan." -Corey Feldman
"Invest three percent of your income in yourself (self-development) in order to guarantee your future." -Brian Tracy
"Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time." -Thomas Merton
"The United Nations is designed to make possible lasting freedom and independence for all its members." -Harry S Truman
"Nothing makes it easier to resist temptation than a proper bringing-up, a sound set of values - and witnesses." -Franklin P. Jones
"This land is your land and this land is my land, sure, but the world is run by those that never listen to music anyway." -Bob Dylan
"My time on television began, and I started playing victims. I did about 10 or 12 years of them, which gets boring, right?" -Tyne Daly
"I like the idea of helping people help people." -Bryan Adams
"Advice to intellectuals: let no-one represent you." -Theodor Adorno
"What's nice about concrete is that it looks unfinished." -Zaha Hadid
"I have done a lot of theater." -Jerry Hall
"I always wished for this, but it's almost turning into more of a nightmare than a dream." -Eminem
"I was involved with drama departments since the 5th grade. I played at it. It was an escape." -Adam Baldwin
"I get nervous even guesting on other people's shows." -Scott Bakula
"Christians, like slaves and soldiers, ask no questions." -Jerry Falwell
"Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes." -Carl Jung
"In terms of instilling the values of mental toughness and work ethic, discipline is the gift that keeps on giving." -William Baldwin
"Listen once in a while. It's amazing what you can hear." -Russell Baker
"When I was five I had violin lessons." -Randy Bachman
"I'm looking for the truth. The audience doesn't come to see you, they come to see themselves." -Julianne Moore
"There is nothing more unaesthetic than a policeman." -Arthur Conan Doyle
"Ye are brothers, ye are men, and we conquer but to save." -Thomas Campbell
"I am more exempt and more distant than any man in the world." -Pierre de Fermat
"The most mediocre of males feels himself a demigod as compared with women." -Simone de Beauvoir
"Of all human activities, man's listening to God is the supreme act of his reasoning and will." -Pope Paul VI
"I make myself pizza if it comes down to that drastic measurement." -Corey Haim
"I'm a great believer in the idea of not choosing based on our taste." -Sheena Iyengar
"I'm a black American, I am proud of my race. I am proud of who I am. I have a lot of pride and dignity." -Michael Jackson
"There is something pagan in me that I cannot shake off. In short, I deny nothing, but doubt everything." -Lord Byron
"It has been an honor and a privilege to have had the chance to come back to Liverpool Football Club as manager." -Kenny Dalglish
"My style is a little quirky. I can't play as fast as most professional jazz players." -Donald Fagen
"My mother couldn't have been happier when I said I was moving to New York." -Victor Garber
"I try to create as many circumstances outside of set that help me fall into character when I get onto set." -Shiloh Fernandez
"Emotion is the surest arbiter of a poetic choice, and it is the priest of all supreme unions in the mind." -Max Eastman
"We need 4 hugs a day for survival. We need 8 hugs a day for maintenance. We need 12 hugs a day for growth." -Virginia Satir
"Always live in the ugliest house on the street - then you don't have to look at it." -David Hockney
"I write it to get it out of me. I don't write it to remember it." -Kathy Acker
"Whenever I get married, I start buying Gourmet magazine." -Nora Ephron
"Art is not meant to change the world." -JR
"As a struggling actor, you're not looking for parts that define you; you're just looking for work." -Matt Damon
"Once the referee throws the ball in the air, it's either your ball or their ball and you have to just take your shot." -LL Cool J
"If anything needs to get fixed in society, it's people's consumption of other people's problems." -Corey Feldman
"It began in mystery, and it will end in mystery, but what a savage and beautiful country lies in between." -Diane Ackerman
"To a smart girl men are no problem - they're the answer." -Zsa Zsa Gabor
"I don't think there are many larger lessons to be found in sports." -Gregg Easterbrook
"Opportunities are like sunrises. If you wait too long, you miss them." -William Arthur Ward
"When wealth is lost, nothing is lost; when health is lost, something is lost; when character is lost, all is lost." -Billy Graham
"I had to help to coax the performances and I really enjoyed that extra responsibility." -Christopher Eccleston
"Feast of Stephen, Deacon, First Martyr, the man who will not act until he knows all will never act at all." -Jim Elliot
"Don't lower your expectations to meet your performance. Raise your level of performance to meet your expectations." -Ralph Marston
"Myths and creeds are heroic struggles to comprehend the truth in the world." -Ansel Adams
"When it comes to .NET they've done a really outstanding job." -Miguel de Icaza
"Can art change the world? Maybe... we should change the question: Can art change people's lives?" -JR
"Begin to be now what you will be hereafter." -William James
"The Lord doesn't like us to be dead. Be alive. Sometimes I dance to the glory of the Lord, because He said so." -Mahalia Jackson
"Easy reading is damn hard writing." -Nathaniel Hawthorne
"Without libraries what have we? We have no past and no future." -Ray Bradbury
"That friendship will not continue to the end which is begun for an end." -Francis Quarles
"When I was playing football, I was getting up to 240 pounds, and they wanted me to get to 260." -Bill Fagerbakke
"I'm sure if Shakespeare were alive today, he'd be doing classic guitar solos on YouTube." -Peter Capaldi
"Madrid excites me. They are one of the best teams in the world." -Isco
"I am pretty detached from the local music crowd though." -Mark Edwards
"In 1965, I marched for equality." -Alphonso Jackson
"Our program necessarily includes the propaganda of atheism." -Vladimir Lenin
"Economics, politics, and personalities are often inseparable." -Charles Edison
"The thing that got me over the hump was accepting that I had to do whatever I could to stay in the game." -Dennis Eckersley
"The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things." -Henry Ward Beecher
"A lot of truth is said in jest." -Eminem
"Forgiveness is a funny thing. It warms the heart and cools the sting." -William Arthur Ward
"It is not a life at all. It is a reticence, in three volumes." -William E. Gladstone
"It is not in the pursuit of happiness that we find fulfillment, it is in the happiness of pursuit." -Denis Waitley
"Thus it is necessary to commence from an inescapable duality: the finite is not the infinite." -Hans Urs von Balthasar
"Editorial photography has to be energetic and visually competitive." -Sam Abell
"Power is dangerous unless you have humility." -Richard J. Daley
"How do we take the bad out of fracking? How do you contain the water? How do we make a profit out of that? Get there early." -Mario Gabelli
"You can lead a man to Congress, but you can't make him think." -Milton Berle
"I think frankly when it comes to chaos you ain't seen nothing yet." -Nigel Farage
"Nature is the art of God." -Dante Alighieri
"I think I learned a lot from reading in general - even from reading badly written books." -Margaret Haddix
"I am thankful for laughter, except when milk comes out of my nose." -Woody Allen
"My job always is to play a person, not to judge her." -Tyne Daly
"Well, I always had a chauffer, because I have never driven a car in my life. I still can't drive." -Bud Abbott
"Everybody has forgotten that Russia helped start the Second World War." -Ray Bradbury
"If everybody switched to organic farming, we couldn't support the earth's current population - maybe half." -Nina Fedoroff
"I'm just looking for that moment to drop my Jedi knickers and pull out my real light saber." -Ewan McGregor
"My only friends were boys, and I was just one more of them." -Victoria Abril
"I've had dialogues with my dead mother over the 40 years since she died." -Drew Gilpin Faust
"I don't really study the guys that I'm racing against." -Ryan Hall
"If a jerk burns the flag, America is not threatened, democracy is not under siege, freedom is not at risk." -Gary Ackerman
"Confidence in the goodness of another is good proof of one's own goodness." -Michel de Montaigne
"Jealous, adj. Unduly concerned about the preservation of that which can be lost only if not worth keeping." -Ambrose Bierce
"The garden, by design, is concerned with both the interior and the land beyond the garden." -Stephen Gardiner
"Publishing for me is a business, not an ideology." -Barry Eisler
"One may miss the mark by aiming too high as too low." -Thomas Fuller
"I'm a West Indian mum and West Indian mums will go to the wall for their children." -Diane Abbott
"I have developed a unique way of looking at the relationship of the human body to health and disease." -David Agus
"I contend that, in spite of all that might be said about Watergate, Richard Nixon was good for the poor people of America." -Tony Campolo
"There never will be complete equality until women themselves help to make laws and elect lawmakers." -Susan B. Anthony
"As a GM Goodwrench Service Plus dealer, I understand how good service makes a difference to our customers." -Dale Earnhardt
"I'm doing the best I can with what I got and that's all anybody in my band is doing." -Jerry Cantrell
"Acting is all about honesty. If you can fake that, you've got it made." -George Burns
"I suppose leadership at one time meant muscles; but today it means getting along with people." -Mahatma Gandhi
"My best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake." -Aristotle
"Nothing fixes a thing so intensely in the memory as the wish to forget it." -Michel de Montaigne
"I have always had a horror and detestation of poverty." -Taylor Caldwell
"Without initiative, leaders are simply workers in leadership positions." -Bo Bennett
"Faith has to do with things that are not seen and hope with things that are not at hand." -Thomas Aquinas
"I don't feel famous." -Tamara Feldman
"No one from my town has ever become a model or an actor before." -Jacquelyn Jablonski
"Accustom yourself continually to make many acts of love, for they enkindle and melt the soul." -Saint Teresa of Avila
"If I needed to record, I'd head to the coast or Nashville, one or the other." -Wanda Jackson
"It's really not fun to have seen a movie that you want to talk about, and you can't find anyone else who's seen it." -Anita Elberse
"One way to get the most out of life is to look upon it as an adventure." -William Feather
"Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from one generation to another." -Gilbert K. Chesterton
"The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it." -Robert H. Schuller
"Baseball is drama with an endless run and an ever-changing cast." -Joe Garagiola
"Once you're halfway home, you know that you can probably get the rest of the way there." -Janis Ian
"I haven't spoken to my wife in years. I didn't want to interrupt her." -Rodney Dangerfield
"If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion." -Dalai Lama
"I never really learned the value of money. My father didn't spoil me, but I think my grandparents did." -Britt Ekland
"What is to give light must endure burning." -Viktor E. Frankl
"I'm a happy-go-lucky character. I'm not that miserable. But I can never let anyone into my world." -Noel Gallagher
"Television has tremendous power over our lives." -Julie Nixon Eisenhower
"If he wants to blow his head off, let him. I don't give a damn about Jim Bakker." -Jessica Hahn
"Be happy with what you have and are, be generous with both, and you won't have to hunt for happiness." -William E. Gladstone
"But if I worried too much about publishers' expectations, I'd probably paralyze myself and not be able to write anything." -David Baldacci
"I have a quick shout out to all the moms... I know it's hard, but try to love your body after baby." -Leigh-Allyn Baker
"Society cares for the individual only so far as he is profitable." -Simone de Beauvoir
"Privilege is the greatest enemy of right." -Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
"I know who I am. And I know I'm a good person." -Johnny Damon
"Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness." -Napoleon Hill
"That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history." -Aldous Huxley
"That's an amazing moment, the first time you hear yourself on radio. It's still thrilling." -Janis Ian
"If Martin Luther King came back, he'd say we need another civil rights movement built on class not race." -Henry Louis Gates
"Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor." -Truman Capote
"We're so trendy we can't even escape ourselves." -Kurt Cobain
"Skill is the unified force of experience, intellect and passion in their operation." -John Ruskin
"It's all to do with the training: you can do a lot if you're properly trained." -Queen Elizabeth II
"I don't need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod; my shadow does that much better." -Plutarch
"People are obsessed with actresses being hairless, fatless Barbie dolls." -Gaby Hoffmann
"Every time you get angry, you poison your own system." -Alfred A. Montapert
"I just sit down at the piano and rattle it off." -Charlie Haden
"Love and fear. Everything the father of a family says must inspire one or the other." -Joseph Joubert
"Nobody trusts the industrial food system to give them good food." -Joel Salatin
"You never want to have that ticking clock and know that you had all this time and didn't use it." -J. J. Abrams
"The Twenties have this sort of attitude where you never know what's around the corner." -Laura Carmichael
"As long as you remember what you love and why you love it, it will never be far from your heart - or your plate." -Jose Garces
"Do your job and demand your compensation - but in that order." -Cary Grant
"I never had a real job either. I sort of fell out of school and ended up playing guitar." -Vivian Campbell
"Life is not simple, and people can't be boxed into being either heroes or villains." -Jessica Hagedorn
"Poetry is the opening and closing of a door, leaving those who look through to guess about what is seen during the moment." -Carl Sandburg
"I adore Clinique's All About Eyes cream. It depuffs the eyes and makes me look like I actually slept eight hours!" -Joanna Garcia
"I try to force myself to travel light; otherwise, I tend to bring a million things that I end up never using!" -Sigrid Agren
"I'm not aware of having a creepy laugh, but apparently I do." -Craig Ferguson
"To be sure a stepmother to a girl is a different thing to a second wife to a man!" -Elizabeth Gaskell
"I should not regret a fair and full trial of the entire abolition of capital punishment." -James Madison
"I could live in a sari; I was born to wear a sari." -Vidya Balan
"There's nothing more dangerous than a resourceful idiot." -Scott Adams
"A radio show recently did a beautiful eulogy of me." -Janis Ian
"I like getting married, but I don't like being married." -Don Adams
"Are we not all desperate one way or another?" -Taylor Caldwell
"It is the false shame of fools to try to conceal wounds that have not healed." -Horace
"I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason." -Sean Combs
"I believe that we can heal Rwanda - and our world - by healing one heart at a time." -Immaculee Ilibagiza
"I want to do it because I want to do it." -Amelia Earhart
"Capitalism is the legitimate racket of the ruling class." -Al Capone
"A film that is bleached tends to have a more realistic quality." -Lasse Hallstrom
"A clear and innocent conscience fears nothing." -Elizabeth I
"Wealth stays with us a little moment if at all: only our characters are steadfast, not our gold." -Euripides
"If love is the answer, could you please rephrase the question?" -Lily Tomlin
"The gratification comes in the doing, not in the results." -James Dean
"In 'thinking up' music I usually have some kind of a brass band with wings on it in back of my mind." -Charles Ives
"I've always had a very positive relationship with the municipal labor unions - a respectful relationship." -Bill de Blasio
"While we are postponing, life speeds by." -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"Who wants those gleaming white cosmetically enhanced American teeth?" -Georgia Jagger
"Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else." -James M. Barrie
"Prejudice is a learned trait. You're not born prejudiced; you're taught it." -Charles R. Swindoll
"In the past, I had my idols but today I enjoy learning from all the soccer I watch." -Andres Iniesta
"Sometimes I feel like a figment of my own imagination." -Lily Tomlin
"But even so, I still get nervous before I go onstage." -Etta James
"Those who understand only what can be explained understand very little." -Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
"If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable." -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"I ride a bike and use aerobic equipment twice a week, and work out with a trainer, lifting weights." -Bob Iger
"I had a wonderful childhood, which is tough because it's hard to adjust to a miserable adulthood." -Larry David
"You don't go to Gettysburg with a shovel, you don't take belt buckles off the Arizona." -Robert Ballard
"I've been a fanatic about working out all my life." -Dan Gable
"Life is not so bad if you have plenty of luck, a good physique, and not too much imagination." -Christopher Isherwood
"When you forgive, you in no way change the past - but you sure do change the future." -Bernard Meltzer
"I have the true feeling of myself only when I am unbearably unhappy." -Franz Kafka
"There's a Zen to acting, by being in the moment. That's where the power is." -Christine Ebersole
"Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm and constant." -Socrates
"The interpretation of dreams is the royal road to a knowledge of the unconscious activities of the mind." -Sigmund Freud
"Wandering re-establishes the original harmony which once existed between man and the universe." -Anatole France
"I love being on the beach - it's my favourite place. I can chill out, read, listen to music, play with my daughter." -Geri Halliwell
"For me, naming bands was the forerunner to really writing lyrics, because I work off titles." -Jim Capaldi
"It's better when you have your wife with you, more fun." -Evan Dando
"If you think you can do it, you can." -John Burroughs
"Summer afternoon, summer afternoon; to me those have always been the two most beautiful words in the English language." -Henry James
"The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon." -George Washington
"It is horrifying that we have to fight our own government to save the environment." -Ansel Adams
"In a crime story, the details become tremendously important - where the staircase was in relation to the bed, for example." -Bill James
"If I am a legend, then why am I so lonely?" -Judy Garland
"There is a time for departure even when there's no certain place to go." -Tennessee Williams
"The place of exciting innovation - where the action is - that's Rhode Island!" -Donald L. Carcieri
"Independent artists and labels have always been the trend setters in music and the music business." -Shawn Fanning
"There is one thing higher than Royalty: and that is religion, which causes us to leave the world, and seek God." -Elizabeth I
"Conquest is the missionary of valor, and the hard impact of military virtues beats meanness out of the world." -Walter Bagehot
"If we can find God only as he is revealed in nature we have no moral God." -Reinhold Niebuhr
"Life is short, but it's long enough to ruin any man who wants to be ruined." -Josh Billings
"I am rather in favour of dealing with teenage hooliganism." -James Callaghan
"I don't want to be held down by genres so much." -Randy Jackson
"There seems to be a law that governs all our actions so I never make plans." -Greta Garbo
"Everyone wants to be Cary Grant. Even I want to be Cary Grant." -Cary Grant
"I'd like to be remembered as a man who went to Heaven and not another place." -Roy Acuff
"God has given us two hands, one to receive with and the other to give with." -Billy Graham
"I think that insecurity/confidence balance is necessary." -Jamie Bamber
"A person who has not done one half his day's work by ten o clock, runs a chance of leaving the other half undone." -Emily Bronte
"I thought I could make a difference, so I ran for office." -Mary Fallin
"Nothing inspires forgiveness quite like revenge." -Scott Adams
"I also surround myself with people who make me laugh. If I'm not laughing, it upsets my day." -Jessie J
"Palestinian people are in love with life." -Mahmoud Darwish
"If I lived alone, Mom'd never sleep because she wouldn't know I was okay." -Scott Baio
"Everybody laughs when fatty falls down." -Chris Farley
"I think the best thing in cases of censorship or things like this is to get as much media as possible." -Kathy Acker
"Basically, when I hear the words 'family drama,' I run in the opposite direction." -Willem Dafoe
"What if you could be anything, or anybody, you chose to be? Think about it. What would you choose to be?" -Nido Qubein
"But the Danzig unreleased stuff will be either a single or a double CD." -Glenn Danzig
"Janet Malcolm's probably the writer I most admire and who's most influenced me." -Helen Garner
"Anything with a good story and characters I think would be great." -Kara Hayward
"When people know you've been a soldier, they judge you: you are a thief, a lost boy." -Emmanuel Jal
"When you're little, your father is your hero. Mine was. Then it all becomes more complicated." -Clare Balding
"Researching Magic Johnson, I realized I clearly haven't done enough with my life." -Kevin Daniels
"I was a big fan of Ronald Reagan. He was the first president I got to vote for." -Steve Daines
"Love is the only reality and it is not a mere sentiment. It is the ultimate truth that lies at the heart of creation." -Rabindranath Tagore
"I still believe a majority of Republicans are for income tax cuts." -Mary Fallin
"T.V. acting is a great skill to have, and it's nice to have that stability." -Debby Ryan
"Peace is not absence of conflict, it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means." -Ronald Reagan
"I heard the various terms of abuse at school and probably indulged them in the way you do as a kid." -Christopher Eccleston
"Violence may be a good focus to organize around, but we have to look at women's lives in our entirety." -Patricia Ireland
"I do not believe in using women in combat, because females are too fierce." -Margaret Mead
"The soul becomes dyed with the color of its thoughts." -Marcus Aurelius
"I feel like Zsa Zsa Gabor's sixth husband. I know what I'm supposed to do, but I don't know how to make it interesting." -Milton Berle
"When a lot of musicians change styles, their songwriting suffers because they want to be different." -Noel Gallagher
"Maybe I'm just a psycho, and the stage is a better place to go than either the loony bin or somewhere else." -Henry Rollins
"You know, my first album, some of those jokes I'd done for twelve years because I couldn't throw 'em out." -Ron White
"If you care enough for a result, you will most certainly attain it." -William James
"One thing of the many things that I know about Jesse Jackson, he is persistent." -Jackie Jackson
"Examine each question in terms of what is ethically and aesthetically right, as well as what is economically expedient." -Aldo Leopold
"Hypocrisy is the homage vice pays to virtue." -Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"Yet God is so one that He admits of distinction, and so admits of distinction that He still remains unity." -John Hales
"A doctor gave a man six months to live. The man couldn't pay his bill, so he gave him another six months." -Henny Youngman
"Politics is not perfect but it's the best available nonviolent means of changing how we live." -Maynard Jackson
"I just got back from Switzerland, which I've never been to. I went to Switzerland and Amsterdam." -Linda Cardellini
"The most honest form of filmmaking is to make a film for yourself." -Peter Jackson
"The best time for you to hold your tongue is the time you feel you must say something or bust." -Josh Billings
"Growth is widely thought to be the panacea for all the major economic ills of the modern world." -Herman Daly
"Imperialist enterprise draws political consequences." -C. L. R. James
"It takes great courage to be vulnerable. It takes enormous strength to be a real woman." -John Eldredge
"As an actor, what you really want to do is communicate with people - this is my aim, my principle aim." -Pierfrancesco Favino
"How do you manage your online identity? It's something I talk about with my students all the time." -Hasan M. Elahi
"The hospitality of the wigwam is only limited by the institution of war." -Charles Eastman
"I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it." -Mae West
"It is hard to contend against one's heart's desire; for whatever it wishes to have it buys at the cost of soul." -Heraclitus
"Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom." -George Washington Carver
"You cannot step into the same river twice." -Heraclitus
"And I don't think I'm giving away any secrets here, but there are a lot of terrible scripts in this town." -Frank Darabont
"I've got a bit of money in the bank. I'm quite comfortable." -Paul Gascoigne
"If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves." -Thomas A. Edison
"Styles, like everything else, change. Style doesn't." -Linda Ellerbee
"Architecture belongs to culture, not to civilization." -Alvar Aalto
"The real use of imaginative reading is precisely to suspend one's mind in the workings of another sensibility." -Guy Davenport
"In every day, there are 1,440 minutes. That means we have 1,440 daily opportunities to make a positive impact." -Les Brown
"Nothing is more responsible for the good old days than a bad memory." -Franklin Pierce Adams
"There is something wonderful in seeing a wrong-headed majority assailed by truth." -John Kenneth Galbraith
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." -Theodore Roosevelt
"I can't say that I've fully achieved my dream yet. I'm just starting to evolve." -Sean Combs
"The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it." -Franklin P. Jones
"I think I'm probably much better at the boots and pocket knife thing than I am at the high heels and martini thing." -Sarah Wayne Callies
"When people expect me to go right, I'll go left. I'm unpredictable." -Paula Abdul
"I don't have to have faith, I have experience." -Joseph Campbell
"Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened." -Dr. Seuss
"The thing is to appreciate the fragile wonder of it all, down to the last breath, down to the dying embers of consciousness." -Maryam D'Abo
"I think for the U.S. government the Sandinistas represented a threat to their dominance of Latin America." -Bianca Jagger
"I utter this word with deepest affection and from the very bottom of my heart." -Giuseppe Garibaldi
"Records became much cruder in the last 20 years. Let's put it that way." -Art Garfunkel
"I was always used to being centre stage - something that had its good and bad points." -Gareth Gates
"I've always wanted to push myself and move with the tide. That's just how I am and it's worked for me." -Bryan Adams
"Molecular biology has routinely taken problematic things under its wing without altering core ideas." -Ian Hacking
"I do not wish a foreign army to spill the blood of my people." -Bao Dai
"Everyone wants to be appreciated, so if you appreciate someone, don't keep it a secret." -Mary Kay Ash
"What God intended for you goes far beyond anything you can imagine." -Oprah Winfrey
"You're only here for a short visit. Don't hurry, don't worry. And be sure to smell the flowers along the way." -Walter Hagen
"People try to live within their income so they can afford to pay taxes to a government that can't live within its income." -Robert Half
"I don't do the same show on any two nights." -Trace Adkins
"Women, like men, should try to do the impossible. And when they fail, their failure should be a challenge to others." -Amelia Earhart
"Second terms in the White House open the way for second thoughts." -John Lewis Gaddis
"Tolerance is the virtue of the man without convictions." -Gilbert K. Chesterton
"Showing up every day isn't enough. There are a lot of guys who show up every day who shouldn't have showed up at all." -James Caan
"Who dares to teach must never cease to learn." -John Cotton Dana
"Perfection is boring. If a face doesn't have mistakes, it's nothing." -Kevyn Aucoin
"I've kept my sanity in this business by trying out for a role and then going home and trying to forget about it." -Blythe Danner
"I'm from Texas, and one of the reasons I like Texas is because there's no one in control." -Willie Nelson
"I had the X rating on my films. Now they do as much on The Simpsons as I got an X rating for Fritz the Cat." -Ralph Bakshi
"It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters." -Epictetus
"Many men owe the grandeur of their lives to their tremendous difficulties." -Charles Spurgeon
"I know what women want. They want to be beautiful." -Valentino Garavani
"Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so." -Douglas Adams
"If tomorrow the Chinese decide not to supply the world with raw materials, the pharma industry would collapse." -Yusuf Hamied
"A little showbiz never hurt anyone." -Peter Capaldi
"Normally, I name my characters after famous comedians." -Paula Danziger
"I like my coffee like I like my women. In a plastic cup." -Eddie Izzard
"A man that studieth revenge keeps his own wounds green." -Francis Bacon
"Maybe other people will try to limit me but I don't limit myself." -Jim Carrey
"Opportunities to find deeper powers within ourselves come when life seems most challenging." -Joseph Campbell
"In comedy, though, it's good to get feedback from the audience about what they find funny." -Bobby Farrelly
"I find forgiveness to be really healthy." -Ben Affleck
"I don't think we should speak so much. What if we were singing a song? We split, whilst singing." -Jean Gabin
"The compact which exists between the North and the South is a covenant with death and an agreement with hell." -William Lloyd Garrison
"You know how there are some stars out there who know how to market themselves? I don't have that." -Mark Hamill
"Yeah, but there's nobody who represents romance to me like Cary Grant." -Aaron Eckhart
"First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity." -George Bernard Shaw
"If you break up with your partner, go straight to the studio. You're going to make great music." -B.o.B
"Theater is, of course, a reflection of life. Maybe we have to improve life before we can hope to improve theater." -William Ralph Inge
"I love Italy and I say I am from Italy wherever I go." -Lapo Elkann
"The income tax has made liars out of more Americans than golf." -Will Rogers
"I understand the Saudis have been named because fifteen of the nineteen hijackers were from Saudi Arabia." -Sibel Edmonds
"I wanted to play professional hockey, man. But when I acted, I thought, 'Well, okay, maybe I do have something here.'" -Corey Haim
"Honesty is the cornerstone of all success, without which confidence and ability to perform shall cease to exist." -Mary Kay Ash
"He's so slow that he takes an hour and a half to watch 60 Minutes." -Edwin Edwards
"Fear has nothing to do with cowardice. A fellow is only yellow when he lets his fear make him quit." -Jerome Cady
"No one has ever become poor by giving." -Anne Frank
"Far and away the best prize that life has to offer is the chance to work hard at work worth doing." -Theodore Roosevelt
"I aim my music at the hip black hip-hop audience." -Heavy D
"I don't know how you overcome the dearth of scientists in the government positions." -Nina Fedoroff
"I always crave to see more stories about and by people of color, particularly new work by young black writers." -Katori Hall
"Even in the valley of the shadow of death, two and two do not make six." -Leo Tolstoy
"I don't care what people say about me." -Roger Daltrey
"Good artists copy, great artists steal." -Pablo Picasso
"Today knowledge has power. It controls access to opportunity and advancement." -Peter Drucker
"When I finally decided to do the show, I only had two weeks to learn the choreography and the songs in French." -LaToya Jackson
"I was fairly solitary. I didn't like structured learning. People didn't seem to be my cup of tea." -Dan Farmer
"I am a dork in disguise; I love doing stupid stuff." -Jessie J
"If you command wisely, you'll be obeyed cheerfully." -Thomas Fuller
"Truth is everybody is going to hurt you: you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for." -Bob Marley
"If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary." -Jim Rohn
"If you live to be 1000 years old, I hope I live to be 1000 minus 1 day, so I never have to live without you." -Jeff Rich
"If you take the cameras out of the courtroom, then you hide a certain measure of truth from the public." -Lance Ito
"I was interested in maintaining the dignity and the hearts of the songs, letting them breathe and become what they are." -Ryan Cabrera
"Pakistan is an old ally of the United States." -Stephen Hadley
"There's nothing quite like tobacco: it's the passion of decent folk, and whoever lives without tobacco doesn't deserve to live." -Moliere
"The world is a living image of God." -Tommaso Campanella
"Women's Lib? Oh, I'm afraid it doesn't interest me one bit. I've been so liberated it hurts." -Lucille Ball
"I don't have a father, but my kids tell me every day that they love me... even when I am not in my best mood." -Boman Irani
"The film kept me from working as a secretary. It was a real stroke of luck. A miracle." -Victoria Abril
"Seventy percent of success in life is showing up." -Woody Allen
"The killing of innocent people is always wrong." -Bianca Jagger
"I have a home in Arizona. I go a couple months a year, but basically Chicago is my home." -Dennis Farina
"The admirals of his majesty's fleet are classed into three squadrons, viz. the red, the white, and the blue." -William Falconer
"A wounded deer leaps the highest." -Emily Dickinson
"I think serving your government is the greatest thing in the world." -Alphonso Jackson
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"No, I'm not coaching. It's a huge responsibility to coach somebody." -Oksana Baiul
"There is actually a fair amount of money being put behind science today." -David Baltimore
"You want to do work that is remembered, you want to be a part of something that's remembered." -Anthony Michael Hall
"I want to make smart television." -Michael Ironside
"That strategy of racing for the top five and racing for the win is where everybody wants to be." -Dale Earnhardt
"People are still willing to do an honest day's work. The trouble is they want a week's pay for it." -Joey Adams
"More than 65,000 horses were slaughtered in the United States in 2004, a 50 percent increase since 2002." -Elton Gallegly
"There's no better feeling than being on a Broadway stage for me." -Jennifer Damiano
"If you take a really good book, then the potential is for a really good film. But you've got to get it right." -Christopher Hampton
"I'm looking for men who can give me security." -Elisabetta Canalis
"Passion is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you." -Oprah Winfrey
"In every commercial state, notwithstanding any pretension to equal rights, the exaltation of a few must depress the many." -Adam Ferguson
"All speech, written or spoken, is a dead language, until it finds a willing and prepared hearer." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character." -Albert Einstein
"On a film set everyone is very cool. Well, blase really." -Anthony Daniels
"One writes fables in periods of oppression." -Italo Calvino
"Divorce is a game played by lawyers." -Cary Grant
"I think; therefore I am." -Rene Descartes
"The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness." -Dalai Lama
"I am accustomed to sleep and in my dreams to imagine the same things that lunatics imagine when awake." -Rene Descartes
"I find that it's the simple things that remind you of family around the holidays." -Amy Adams
"The Passion narratives are the first pieces of the Gospels that were composed as a unity." -Hans Urs von Balthasar
"Whatever I hear in my head is what I play." -Marketa Irglova
"A human being is only breath and shadow." -Sophocles
"Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment." -Buddha
"Victorian architecture in the United States was copied straight from England." -Stephen Gardiner
"I'm a preacher's kid, and we were always told, Act right all the time, because someone's always watching." -Gwen Ifill
"Celebrity never really served me that well; it serves other people well." -Casey Affleck
"A newspaper is the lowest thing there is." -Richard J. Daley
"Are right and wrong convertible terms, dependant upon popular opinion?" -William Lloyd Garrison
"I'm most happy when I am writing at night, because I need space and time to write." -Cecelia Ahern
"Informed decision-making comes from a long tradition of guessing and then blaming others for inadequate results." -Scott Adams
"Some people have greatness thrust upon them. Very few have excellence thrust upon them." -John W. Gardner
"If I have smashed the traditions, it was because I knew no traditions." -Maude Adams
"Now interpersonal politics... that's what it's all about." -Max Cannon
"The wheel that squeaks the loudest is the one that gets the grease." -Josh Billings
"Oh my God, I could watch Jennifer Coolidge for hours." -JJ Feild
"If I see something that inspires me, I'll dress like it." -Paloma Faith
"Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly." -Robert Kennedy
"I've got plenty of love in my life already in the form of my sons and a few good friends who I value dearly." -Colin Farrell
"Laughter is the sensation of feeling good all over and showing it principally in one place." -Josh Billings
"There are some aspects of the diagram that I wish I had expressed a little more clearly." -Jesse James Garrett
"Alleviation of suffering is my fundamental principle." -Yusuf Hamied
"I never grew up reading or fantasizing about fairy tales. I was always too busy, like, outside being a kid." -Armie Hammer
"There's a saying. If you want someone to love you forever, buy a dog, feed it and keep it around." -Dick Dale
"I take every job on its merits." -Colin Baker
"I am doing the mountain climbing to empower women." -Samina Baig
"I started young. My first record came out when I was - what? 18? So I was in the studio when I was 15, 16." -Heavy D
"Natural selection is not an inflammatory phrase; evolution is." -Peter Agre
"It is not at all clear how much the media influences public opinion and how much public opinion influences the media." -Bruce Jackson
"Every viewer who ever turned on 'Doctor Who' has taken him into his heart. He belongs to all of us." -Peter Capaldi
"You cannot prepare enough for anything." -James Galway
"I have feelings too. I am still human. All I want is to be loved, for myself and for my talent." -Marilyn Monroe
"Do not seek death. Death will find you. But seek the road which makes death a fulfillment." -Dag Hammarskjold
"It ain't as bad as you think. It will look better in the morning." -Colin Powell
"At 'Women's Wear', I always said, 'Get it first - get the bacon.'" -John Fairchild
"The wide world is all about you: you can fence yourselves in, but you cannot forever fence it out." -J. R. R. Tolkien
"But to do this kind of work, you have to be very strong, otherwise you lose your personality, your identity." -Claudia Cardinale
"I make it a point to go home every weekend so I can meet with Georgians and hear from them directly." -Johnny Isakson
"I was a big fan of Raven Symone, when 'That's So Raven' was out. I used to say, 'Oh my God, that should be my show!'" -Imani Hakim
"It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are." -e. e. cummings
"I believe it's a real tedious hostage negotiation to have a marriage be what it is." -Brad Garrett
"The press has always written that I am a recluse and a mysterious woman, but I am more down-to-earth than they think." -Agnetha Faltskog
"The mediation by the serpent was necessary. Evil can seduce man, but cannot become man." -Franz Kafka
"Sex: the thing that takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble." -John Barrymore
"Genius might be the ability to say a profound thing in a simple way." -Charles Bukowski
"Blessed are those who give without remembering. And blessed are those who take without forgetting." -Bernard Meltzer
"History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all other alternatives." -Abba Eban
"The meaning of peace is the absence of opposition to socialism." -Karl Marx
"I have done so much for hip-hop and 'til this day, I haven't received any awards or any recognition for it." -Luther Campbell
"You don't really work for awards, but when they come it's... nice." -Pierfrancesco Favino
"I do smoke in real life. A lot. We're all smoking right now in fact." -Michael Imperioli
"Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it." -Rumi
"I am not a spiritual guy, but all of a sudden I felt the need to really feel things." -Scott Baio
"Spring is nature's way of saying, 'Let's party!'" -Robin Williams
"I would write poems and think up melodies to them later." -Jennette McCurdy
"The music is the last thing I'm thinking about right now, in order of what's important." -Burt Bacharach
"A national debt, if it is not excessive, will be to us a national blessing." -Alexander Hamilton
"You know it as soon as you walk in Yankee Stadium. The electricity is there every time, every day." -Nomar Garciaparra
"I've never had a humble opinion. If you've got an opinion, why be humble about it?" -Joan Baez
"I know my brother. Michael, he's not that kind of person. He doesn't do that. That's all a lie on him." -Jackie Jackson
"I'm scattered, and then that last hundred pages, bam, I'm a laser." -David Baldacci
"I didn't really have any aspirations to do TV when I first decided to be an actor." -Arthur Darvill
"When you are asked if you can do a job, tell 'em, 'Certainly I can!' Then get busy and find out how to do it." -Theodore Roosevelt
"He who aspires to paradise should learn to deal with people with kindness." -Abu Bakr
"Be quick to learn and wise to know." -George Burns
"I suppose I had these concerns but I really felt that I had to keep my scope very, very concentrated." -Atom Egoyan
"I can't vote again ever, so political party is not a relevant thing for me." -Jack Abramoff
"Anything that won't sell, I don't want to invent. Its sale is proof of utility, and utility is success." -Thomas A. Edison
"I'm an actor I'm not a politician. I always kick myself when I talk too much about family, or personal things." -Christian Bale
"A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
"My role as king will be much like my mum's as queen, so long as I remain in tune with the people." -Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark
"Time passes irrevocably." -Virgil
"I learn the lines that JK Rowling or whoever writes them, and say them." -Michael Gambon
"I figure out who I'm playing opposite, and I really do study them." -Tisha Campbell-Martin
"I adore Quentin Tarantino. The 'Kill Bill' series is my favorite." -Madison Davenport
"I'm so proud of who I am and where I come from and who my father is." -Enrique Iglesias
"If you don't want to deal with them, fine. But don't hamper other people from dealing with them." -Dan Farmer
"They should regard me as what I am. I am a spiritual leader and teacher." -Louis Farrakhan
"London was a really multi-racial city ... It's incredible how comfortable people are with race there." -Sade Adu
"Family is the most important thing in the world." -Princess Diana
"I am very up front about about my inability to pronounce things correctly." -Gillian Jacobs
"Better to illuminate than merely to shine, to deliver to others contemplated truths than merely to contemplate." -Thomas Aquinas
"The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion." -Albert Camus
"It is not whether you really cry. It's whether the audience thinks you are crying." -Ingrid Bergman
"In the progress of personality, first comes a declaration of independence, then a recognition of interdependence." -Henry Van Dyke
"Ignorance makes most men go into a political party, and shame keeps them from getting out of it." -E. F. L. Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax
"We cast a shadow on something wherever we stand." -E. M. Forster
"Don't get even, get mad." -Frank Sinatra
"Writing is my therapy. My feelings build up inside of me and then I sit down and write a song." -Colbie Caillat
"Modesty and unselfishness - these are the virtues which men praise - and pass by." -Andre Maurois
"The biased left-wing media does what it wants. That's not going to define me or hamper me." -Michele Bachmann
"Freedom is the right to tell people what they do not want to hear." -George Orwell
"One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least somebody's listening." -Franklin P. Jones
"What's another word for Thesaurus?" -Steven Wright
"It is true that liberty is precious; so precious that it must be carefully rationed." -Vladimir Lenin
"I avoid the media circus, keep my head down and try to keep growing and learning things." -Georgie Fame
"Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." -David Garrick
"I had a lot of growing up to do. A lot of times, I learned the hard way." -Allen Iverson
"Testing is overrated." -Jeff Rich
"The secret of happiness is to admire without desiring." -Carl Sandburg
"Territory is but the body of a nation. The people who inhabit its hills and valleys are its soul, its spirit, its life." -James A. Garfield
"I believe that ignorance is the root of all evil. And that no one knows the truth." -Molly Ivins
"Marketers are out there trying to figure out how to get your money out of your child." -Maggie Gallagher
"An artist should not fall in love with another artist." -Marina Abramovic
"I learned early to drink beer, wine and whiskey. And I think I was about 5 when I first chewed tobacco." -Babe Ruth
"Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication." -Leonardo da Vinci
"You can call me a pain. I'll accept that as a compliment." -Darrell Issa
"I know they are going to be doing a box set in Europe of Danzig 5 and 6 and some other stuff." -Glenn Danzig
"Live as brave men; and if fortune is adverse, front its blows with brave hearts." -Marcus Tullius Cicero
"I wasn't a child who wanted to be an actor." -Mary Badham
"Every mom is ready to get her life and body back." -Joanna Garcia
"Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire." -Arnold H. Glasow
"You sleep with people all the time that you hate." -Casey Affleck
"I have a lot of weird interests, but everything I do is artistic." -Ansel Elgort
"I look forward to growing old and wise and audacious." -Glenda Jackson
"Putting on fierce boots is an instant pick-me-up." -Nina Garcia
"Each morning when I awake, I experience again a supreme pleasure - that of being Salvador Dali." -Salvador Dali
"I hate to look at the stuff I've written and consider what it means or why I do it." -J. J. Abrams
"When times are difficult, I tell myself, 'I'm just passing through.'" -Eric Cantona
"I don't really consider any of my novels 'crime' novels." -Megan Abbott
"I would never turn down a movie, but at the same time, but my ideal job would be a half-hour sitcom." -Mark Indelicato
"Outstanding people have one thing in common: An absolute sense of mission." -Zig Ziglar
"I've been in a lot of trouble and come out of it. I think it shows a lot of good character." -Stefan Edberg
"Has fortune dealt you some bad cards. Then let wisdom make you a good gamester." -Francis Quarles
"Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements." -Napoleon Hill
"I'm not going around touring the U.S. when I've got nowhere to live." -Liam Gallagher
"Everyone is always in favour of general economy and particular expenditure." -Anthony Eden
"For every complex problem there is an answer that is clear, simple, and wrong." -H. L. Mencken
"I was very much a tomboy. I've always been rather outspoken, headstrong, and I'm pretty much that way to this day." -Mary Badham
"Anarchy is the only slight glimmer of hope." -Mick Jagger
"Those who 'abjure' violence can do so only because others are committing violence on their behalf." -George Orwell
"Goodness is something that makes us serene and content; it is magnificent. Those who are not good are evil." -Bhumibol Adulyadej
"God is bigger than people think." -Jimmy Dean
"If you're in trouble, or hurt or need - go to the poor people. They're the only ones that'll help - the only ones." -John Steinbeck
"Musicians tend to get bored playing the same thing over and over, so I think it's natural to experiment." -Dimebag Darrell
"I'm attracted to soccer's capacity for beauty. When well played, the game is a dance with a ball." -Eduardo Galeano
"The Russians are a very sentimental people." -Mike Jackson
"Designing and developing anything of consequence is incredibly challenging." -Jonathan Ive
"After a certain point, money is meaningless. It ceases to be the goal. The game is what counts." -Aristotle Onassis
"Those allies who failed to join us will regret it. They're making a mistake." -Al D'Amato
"Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind." -Rudyard Kipling
"It's the right idea, but not the right time." -John Dalton
"There is no such thing as a great talent without great will power." -Honore de Balzac
"Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory." -Albert Schweitzer
"For most of history, Anonymous was a woman." -Virginia Woolf
"Turn your attention for a while away from the worries and anxieties. Remind yourself of all your many blessings." -Ralph Marston
"I'm not going to stop beating up on the Democrats for wasteful spending." -Nikki Haley
"They succeed, because they think they can." -Virgil
"Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence." -Vince Lombardi
"I like men who are intelligent and sensitive." -Kate del Castillo
"Anywhere the struggle is great, the level of ingenuity and inventiveness is high." -Eleni Zaude Gabre-Madhin
"I don't really get recognised very much." -Laura Carmichael
"A poem is a naked person... Some people say that I am a poet." -Bob Dylan
"I don't want to overthrow the government. I wanna fire 'em." -Gallagher
"Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of imagination." -John Dewey
"Reason, observation, and experience; the holy trinity of science." -Robert Green Ingersoll
"Well, I think mostly we're dressing for men." -Jerry Hall
"Beauty is not caused. It is." -Emily Dickinson
"I always liked parties. You meet people; you can have fun." -Zsa Zsa Gabor
"I'm able to leave Don Draper at work. I'm quite dissimilar from him in real life." -Jon Hamm
"My father never forced me, but chemistry was my best subject." -Yusuf Hamied
"What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do." -Bob Dylan
"I've always wanted to be somebody, but I see now I should have been more specific." -Lily Tomlin
"The hardest years in life are those between ten and seventy." -Helen Hayes
"I see harm reduction as a way of engaging people as part of that path to recovery." -Paul R. Ehrlich
"We all become great explorers during our first few days in a new city, or a new love affair." -Mignon McLaughlin
"Jim Bakker is an extremely talented preacher, if he would just get it together." -Jessica Hahn
"Expect your every need to be met. Expect the answer to every problem, expect abundance on every level." -Eileen Caddy
"Always mystify, mislead and surprise the enemy if possible." -Stonewall Jackson
"The efficient man is the man who thinks for himself." -Charles William Eliot
"It's sad when someone you know becomes someone you knew." -Henry Rollins
"If you were to come to the set of Alias, you'd know how silly we all are. And I mean, silly." -Victor Garber
"You can't serve up hearts like cherries jubilee." -Leonard Bailey
"In comedy, something may be more absurd, but you have to believe just as much as you do when you're doing drama." -Jenna Elfman
"A good director creates an environment, which gives the actor the encouragement to fly." -Kevin Bacon
"I tend to live in the past because most of my life is there." -Herb Caen
"I think knowing what you cannot do is more important than knowing what you can." -Lucille Ball
"Natural selection, as it has operated in human history, favors not only the clever but the murderous." -Barbara Ehrenreich
"I'm inspired by my master's movie 'Kerd ma lui,' Bruce Lee's 'Fists of Fury,' and Jackie Chan's 'Police Story.'" -Tony Jaa
"I always wanted to be an artist, whatever that was, like other chicks want to be stewardesses. I read. I painted. I thought." -Janis Joplin
"I wake up every morning and I wish I were dead, and so does Jim." -Tammy Faye Bakker
"We must have a fair tax in the United States. We have to re-adjust it, we must be fiscally responsible." -Peter Camejo
"You put him in front of 50,000 people, he's at home." -Joseph Jackson
"I'm used to living in a disassociated universe." -Jennifer Hale
"Just because I've got blonde hair and haven't been to Bosnia doesn't mean I'm a bimbo. I am still a serious journalist." -Jill Dando
"Sympathy is something that shouldn't be bestowed upon the Yankees. Apparently it angers them." -Bob Feller
"Having leveled my palace, don't erect a hovel and complacently admire your own charity in giving me that for a home." -Emily Bronte
"Up until now, the prospect of parole has kept us from confronting our captors with any real determination." -George Jackson
"The bigger confrontation is the one an individual has with itself." -Asghar Farhadi
"My grandmother worked on a fruit and vegetable market stall." -Petra Ecclestone
"No one individual vote, no one individual quote or no one individual statement defines me, my beliefs, or my record." -Chuck Hagel
"You know, I've read Joseph Conrad's 'Heart of Darkness' about fifteen times." -James Balog
"From my tribe I take nothing, I am the maker of my own fortune." -Tecumseh
"Organic architecture seeks superior sense of use and a finer sense of comfort, expressed in organic simplicity." -Frank Lloyd Wright
"You can't give up in any game, even if you are losing." -Jaromir Jagr
"I think I wasted a lot of my youth, falling for girls who were a couple of years older than me." -Eric Bana
"You have no idea what you get involved in when you start a role. You just hope that it's going to be successful." -Michelle Fairley
"Our goal is to make finance the servant, not the master, of the real economy." -Alistair Darling
"I love 'Glee' so much. It just works - it's on the edge of ridiculous." -Adam Garcia
"I was a completely below-average high school student. I never went to college." -Grant Achatz
"Part of me is very shy." -Amanda Eliasch
"I love getting dressed up." -Rebecca Ferguson
"My goal was for acting to become my main income. I would say to myself, 'I'm good enough.' That became my mantra." -Michael Fassbender
"A positive attitude can really make dreams come true - it did for me." -David Bailey
"Realize that if you have time to whine and complain about something then you have the time to do something about it." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
"'God's plan' is often a front for men's plans and a cover for inadequacy, ignorance, and evil." -Mary Daly
"It's not enough to have talent, you also have to be Hungarian." -Robert Capa
"When I was 4, my dad let me 'help' him back out of the driveway, but I'm amazing at driving golf carts." -Mark Indelicato
"Technically speaking, you can build anything out of sand; it doesn't mean you do it." -Eric Bana
"Painting is a source of endless pleasure, but also of great anguish." -Balthus
"There can be economy only where there is efficiency." -Benjamin Disraeli
"Making peace, I have found, is much harder than making war." -Gerry Adams
"There's a fast-track if you can do the networking. For some personalities it works, but for mine it doesn't." -Idris Elba
"I try to be honest and I keep moving." -Erykah Badu
"I usually prepare a track and then I work with the artist when it's time to do the vocals." -Kenneth Edmonds
"A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him." -Douglas MacArthur
"You do not defend a world that is already lost." -Garet Garrett
"Showing off is the fool's idea of glory." -Bruce Lee
"There I met Gordon Jackson and Dave Meredith who were playing in local bands." -Jim Capaldi
"Well, we could tell them that we're here on an archeological expedition." -Edie Adams
"They give birth astride of a grave, the light gleams an instant, then it's night once more." -Samuel Beckett
"To me, growing old is great. It's the very best thing - considering the alternative." -Michael Caine
"I don't feel comfortable with luxury, and I try to stay fairly normal." -Vince Cable
"Fifty per cent of rock is having a good time." -Roger Daltrey
"Suckle was the first West Indian DJ and he had this fantastic source of music." -Georgie Fame
"I always thought of my career as a body of work and not just about numbers." -Steve Garvey
"They have had such a crazy life living with me as their dad. Not crazy but different from their friends." -Sebastian Bach
"In revolutions authority remains with the greatest scoundrels." -Georges Jacques Danton
"All through my life, I was hated on. When I was in middle school, they used to write in my rhyme book, 'You suck' or 'This sucks.'" -B.o.B
"Don't let others put thoughts into your mind that takes away your self-confidence." -Katori Hall
"Time takes away the grief of men." -Desiderius Erasmus
"When I sell liquor, it's called bootlegging; when my patrons serve it on Lake Shore Drive, it's called hospitality." -Al Capone
"I remember going to church about four times a week. I liked it a lot." -Victoria Jackson
"Villains are fun to play." -Edi Gathegi
"I'm in a position where I can do many things most people just daydream about." -Ewan McGregor
"There have been times when I have deliberately tried to take my life... I think I must have been crying for some attention." -Judy Garland
"The smallest deed is better than the greatest intention." -John Burroughs
"Somebody asked me what do you regret. I said, well I was offered the role of Maverick in 'Top Gun' and I turned it down." -Scott Baio
"New opinions are always suspected, and usually opposed, without any other reason but because they are not already common." -John Locke
"A lot of people don't understand the Black Panthers Party's relationship with white mother country radicals." -Fred Hampton
"I did do my own stunts." -Peter Falk
"When I'm in New York, I just want to walk down the street and feel this thing, like I'm in a movie." -Ryan Adams
"The most useless are those who never change through the years." -James M. Barrie
"If evil be spoken of you and it be true, correct yourself, if it be a lie, laugh at it." -Epictetus
"I think it's great if a guy has a good sized package." -Janet Jackson
"A reading man and woman is a ready man and woman, but a writing man and woman is exact." -Marcus Garvey
"She represented the distilled essence of the battle between the sexes." -Anne Edwards
"When music fails to agree to the ear, to soothe the ear and the heart and the senses, then it has missed the point." -Maria Callas
"You know, I'm not sure I ever even had a blind date!" -Peter Farrelly
"I think it's time that we have a women's show about the West. The concentration has been on the men and the Indians." -Louis L'Amour
"I have a very balanced posture about the political situation in my country." -Gabriela Isler
"War is an abstraction." -Bruce Jackson
"There's nothing like being involved with a team that can go that distance." -Chuck Daly
"It isn't true that you live only once. You only die once. You live lots of times, if you know how." -Bobby Darin
"Your talent is in your choice." -Stella Adler
"Time is what we want most, but what we use worst." -William Penn
"Even something as stupid as Vine videos makes you feel like you're making things on your own." -Gillian Jacobs
"Love has no age, no limit; and no death." -John Galsworthy
"Has this world been so kind to you that you should leave with regret? There are better things ahead than any we leave behind." -C. S. Lewis
"When love is at its best, one loves so much that he cannot forget." -Helen Hunt Jackson
"I never want to hurt anyone on the ice. That's not the type of player I am." -Carl Hagelin
"To teach is to learn twice." -Joseph Joubert
"Do your damnedest in an ostentatious manner all the time." -George S. Patton
"When you're so out there in the public eye, people are constantly criticizing every aspect about you." -Gwyneth Paltrow
"Patience is not simply the ability to wait - it's how we behave while we're waiting." -Joyce Meyer
"Any opportunity to adorn oneself is human, and accessories are an easy way to do it." -Marc Jacobs
"'Broadchurch' is very different, but it's equally as good as 'The Killing' - if not better." -Arthur Darvill
"The most difficult crime to track is the one which is purposeless." -Arthur Conan Doyle
"In the United States today, we have more than our share of the nattering nabobs of negativism." -Spiro T. Agnew
"Religion is more like response to a friend than it is like obedience to an expert." -Austin Farrer
"I'm a television junkie." -Candice Accola
"The word that almost makes me throw up is satin; damask makes me throw up." -Billy Baldwin
"I enjoy trying to develop a car and Mercedes are one of the biggest car manufacturers in the world." -Lewis Hamilton
"Trust is hard to come by. That's why my circle is small and tight. I'm kind of funny about making new friends." -Eminem
"Marriages that last are with people who do not live in Los Angeles." -Farrah Fawcett
"Every day is an opportunity to fall or hurt yourself." -Dianna Agron
"Time brings all things to pass." -Aeschylus
"It was the era of Tab Hunter and Rock Hudson; they all had a certain look." -Taylor Hackford
"Getting divorced just because you don't love a man is almost as silly as getting married just because you do." -Zsa Zsa Gabor
"I'm looking forward to getting back to my house and my Ugg boots and not washing sometimes, and getting back to writing." -E. L. James
"I chose to present myself as one who comes from among the people, and I can be touched by their pain because I have my own." -T. D. Jakes
"In the battle of existence, Talent is the punch; Tact is the clever footwork." -Wilson Mizner
"As far as I'm concerned, the entire reason for becoming a writer is not having to get up in the morning." -Neil Gaiman
"My old man is a man of few words." -Scott Eastwood
"What I really want is a world where no one alive can remember what the word 'war' means. That's my goal." -Patch Adams
"Home wasn't built in a day." -Jane Sherwood Ace
"Abortion is an issue of conscience for the Labour party." -Diane Abbott
"I was born on Wellington Avenue and my family that remains lives in the Lake Shore Drive area." -Bob Balaban
"I learn from thinking about the future, what hasn't been done yet. That's kind of my constant obsession." -John Cale
"I can't wait for my little sisters to start dating, because it will really be fun to pick on their boyfriends." -David Gallagher
"I can't relate to lazy people. We don't speak the same language. I don't understand you. I don't want to understand you." -Kobe Bryant
"Do something wonderful, people may imitate it." -Albert Schweitzer
"Exactness and neatness in moderation is a virtue, but carried to extremes narrows the mind." -Francois Fenelon
"Painting is just another way of keeping a diary." -Pablo Picasso
"More and more, it feels like I'm doing a really bad impersonation of myself." -Chuck Palahniuk
"You've gotta understand - when you interview someone, it's not an interrogation. It's not the Nuremberg Trials." -Joan Rivers
"Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that." -Norman Vincent Peale
"I've seen the ticket, and I still can't believe it. When I see the money, I hope I don't hit the floor." -Judy Garland
"Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little." -Edmund Burke
"Modesty: the gentle art of enhancing your charm by pretending not to be aware of it." -Oliver Herford
"You're an actor first and foremost. No one is going to hire you because you tweet a lot." -Janina Gavankar
"The bias against introversion leads to a colossal waste of talent, energy, and happiness." -Susan Cain
"The addict will screw you over and lie to you and do all kinds of things." -Daniel Baldwin
"I was tired of an outlaw's life." -Frank James
"Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely." -John Acton
"I own things I like, but nothing inanimate that I treasure in a deeply consuming way." -Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
"Every great person is always being helped by everybody; for their gift is to get good out of all things and all persons." -John Ruskin
"I was assigned to the heavy cruiser Chicago." -Jack Adams
"For my part I know nothing with any certainty, but the sight of the stars makes me dream." -Vincent Van Gogh
"Every family is dysfunctional." -Andy Garcia
"I think I'll always base myself out of Toronto. I don't have any plans to move to L.A." -Sarah Gadon
"There is nothing more distressing or tiresome than a writer standing in front of an audience and reading his work." -William Gaddis
"I love mysteries on television - the more psychologically complex, the better." -Rebecca Eaton
"I don't want to be remembered for my tennis accomplishments." -Arthur Ashe
"I left Somalia when I was seven years old, but I witnessed a whole year in a war." -Barkhad Abdi
"To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person." -Bruce Lee
"It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity." -Albert Einstein
"All the war-propaganda, all the screaming and lies and hatred, comes invariably from people who are not fighting." -George Orwell
"Only enemies speak the truth; friends and lovers lie endlessly, caught in the web of duty." -Stephen King
"Although I look really good holding a gun, I can't shoot. I can't shoot anything. I'm the worst shot." -Tisha Campbell-Martin
"We do not live to think, but, on the contrary, we think in order that we may succeed in surviving." -Jose Ortega y Gasset
"All human sin seems so much worse in its consequences than in its intentions." -Reinhold Niebuhr
"Every successful enterprise has a very clear strategic purpose." -Mitch Daniels
"I'm constantly seen as a 'foreigner,' and I need my passport to prove my identity, to keep moving and to carry on my work." -Emmanuel Jal
"Engineers like to solve problems. If there are no problems handily available, they will create their own problems." -Scott Adams
"An intellectual says a simple thing in a hard way. An artist says a hard thing in a simple way." -Charles Bukowski
"I do think I tend to have a darker nature than most." -Fairuza Balk
"If a composer has a nice wife and some nice children, how can he let the children starve on his dissonances?" -Charles Ives
"People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built." -Eleanor Roosevelt
"Population is a strong driver of the economy as well as the quality of the labor force." -Ali Babacan
"The longer one is alone, the easier it is to hear the song of the earth." -Robert Anton Wilson
"I have a curiosity that compels me to find ways to make music that are fresh and new." -The Edge
"I like to think that at the end of a show, you can just take your costume off and go to the pub." -Max Irons
"No one appreciates the very special genius of your conversation as the dog does." -Christopher Morley
"The reason women don't play football is because 11 of them would never wear the same outfit in public." -Phyllis Diller
"I stay in my pajamas until I have to leave for work." -Christine Ebersole
"As a songwriter or artist, there's only so many ways you can say, 'I love you' or 'I think you're beautiful.'" -Tyler Farr
"Let students use technologies in the classroom." -Weili Dai
"All my life, whenever it comes time to make a decision, I make it and forget about it." -Harry S Truman
"I am highly offended by the total lack of acknowledgement of my contribution to Laker success." -Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
"Civilization is a youth with a molotov cocktail in his hand. Culture is the Soviet tank or L.A. cop that guns him down." -Edward Abbey
"It has to be because unemployment problems in northwest Indiana are similar to those in southeast Chicago." -Richard M. Daley
"The Republican Party is in charge. They've been charge of the Congress and spending for 10 years." -Chaka Fattah
"I'd call it a new version of voodoo economics, but I'm afraid that would give witch doctors a bad name." -Geraldine Ferraro
"What happens in Vegas may stay in Vegas, but what happens in New Orleans, goes home with you." -Laurell K. Hamilton
"No one disputes that online businesses offer much more variety than their analog counterparts." -Anita Elberse
"To work hard, to live hard, to die hard, and then go to hell after all would be too damn hard." -Carl Sandburg
"Mentally and physically, I find I can play with these people." -Chico Hamilton
"I've had a wonderful life with music." -Lionel Ferbos
"Effective communication is 20% what you know and 80% how you feel about what you know." -Jim Rohn
"Cloning, wow. Who would have thought? There should be a list of people who can and cannot clone themselves." -Ted Danson
"Choose your life's mate carefully. From this one decision will come 90 percent of all your happiness or misery." -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"I always loose a little weight on the road, so I constantly have to be on top of my nutrition and hydration." -Matt Cameron
"Why would heavy metal ever go away?" -Scott Ian
"The value of the minimum wage shouldn't be eroded, and it has been." -Robert J. Garagiola
"Life is not an exact science, it is an art." -Samuel Butler
"Goals are not only absolutely necessary to motivate us. They are essential to really keep us alive." -Robert H. Schuller
"Fettucini alfredo is macaroni and cheese for adults." -Mitch Hedberg
"Hurricane season brings a humbling reminder that, despite our technologies, most of nature remains unpredictable." -Diane Ackerman
"The good man is the man who, no matter how morally unworthy he has been, is moving to become better." -John Dewey
"Any mature, responsible adult doesn't run around stomping their feet and screaming 'I'm a mature, responsible, adult.'" -Debby Ryan
"You can't get a cup of tea big enough or a book long enough to suit me." -C. S. Lewis
"Love is the answer, and you know that for sure; Love is a flower, you've got to let it grow." -John Lennon
"I write my own songs, and I only see their flaws." -Chris Isaak
"I am as confounded by dogs as I am indebted to them." -Roger Caras
"If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving definitely isn't for you." -Steven Wright
"Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth." -Oscar Wilde
"For those who love, nothing is too difficult, especially when it is done for the love of our Lord Jesus Christ." -Saint Ignatius
"I've given it my all. I've done my best. Now, I'm ready with my family to begin the next phase of our lives." -Richard M. Daley
"Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"The vast majority of the CGI budget is labor." -Peter Jackson
"Getting movies developed doesn't do me any good as a producer. It only does me good to get movies made." -Nina Jacobson
"All sins have their origin in a sense of inferiority otherwise called ambition." -Cesare Pavese
"I'd just turned 50, weighed 285, and my doctor had read me the riot act about my health." -Daniel Baldwin
"We called him Tortoise because he taught us." -Lewis Carroll
"I think writers rush in where everybody is very frightened to tread." -Guillermo Cabrera Infante
"To make us feel small in the right way is a function of art; men can only make us feel small in the wrong way." -E. M. Forster
"I'm not keen on the Internet. I don't trust it." -Amanda Eliasch
"But the process of making a film is not glamorous. Certainly not my films." -Taylor Hackford
"Negotiation in the classic diplomatic sense assumes parties more anxious to agree than to disagree." -Dean Acheson
"I just feel passionately about a few things and particularly about helping artists get off the ground." -Jane Badler
"My best personality trait that I think I'm very approachable. And my worst is that I can be moody." -Enrique Iglesias
"Gospel music rhythms are not African in origin, although I know that's what the jazz experts say." -Mahalia Jackson
"If I am incompetent, I am useless, the people of India will see that." -Rahul Gandhi
"For some people, miracles serve as evidence of God's existence." -Walter Isaacson
"None but ourselves can free our minds." -Bob Marley
"Alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy." -Frank Sinatra
"I've said my patience is not infinite." -Darrell Issa
"To imagine is everything, to know is nothing at all." -Anatole France
"Aviation is for the common man. My goal is to enable everyone to fly. It shouldn't be only for the rich." -Tony Fernandes
"A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge." -Thomas Carlyle
"Liberty, freedom and democracy are very fuzzy words, but human rights is very specific." -Joichi Ito
"If men were angels, no government would be necessary." -James Madison
"People think they know you. They know the things about you that you have forgotten." -Mick Jagger
"'Jaws' freed me to discover that a successful movie didn't make a damn bit of difference to my life." -Lorraine Gary
"These works brought all these people here. Something should be done to get them at work again." -Edward VIII
"Oh, 'tis love, 'tis love that makes the world go round." -Lewis Carroll
"Definition of an independent film is torture with less money and time." -Joey Lauren Adams
